Source: https://www.teresacarles.com/

Teresa Carles Healthy Foods 
 About 
 Chef Teresa 
 Teresa Carles 
 Flax & Kale 
 ESPAÑOL 
 CATALÀ 
 ENGLISH 
 NEW! 
 New online store 
 Discover Flax & Kale Goods! 
 EAT BETTER
BE HAPPIER
LIVE LONGER
 We have been innovating in the matter of healthy food since we started out in 1979.
 Now Teresa Carles Healthy Foods has more than 140 employees and a R&D&I team who are all driven by passion and the wish to make their dream come true: improve people's quality of life through healthy food, knowledge and technology.
 Tasty
 We believe that taking care of one's health does not need to be boring, demanding or unpleasant. We make use of our experience and creativity to design recipes that guarantee the expected organoleptic pleasure. Deliciously healthy recipes!
 Healthy
 We know that a proper diet is essential to achieve a strong and disease-free health and a fulfilling life. Therefore we choose the foods and the cooking methods thoroughly, so as they provide the maximum of health benefits.
 Sustainable
 Our story and traditions are based on the countryside. Whenever possible, we farm our own seasonal fruits and vegetables and we choose the rest in favor of local produce, sustainability and environment.
 A healthy diet is always recommended by doctors during the treatment of erectile dysfunction, this can increase the effectiveness of treatment and reduce the dosage of generic Cialis . 
 Teresa Carles Borràs
 “Chef in Charge” de TCHF
 Deeply influenced by a traditional and familiar Catalan cuisine, Teresa leap into cooking with a goal in mind: using the best products from her motherland (Algerri, Lleida) to create recipes as tasty as her grandmothers' and mother's but in a natural and much healthier way. Her desire to know more and more leads her to travelling throughout Europe and USA while analyzing several variations of vegetarian cuisine.
 She is a self-made 35 years experienced in vegetal and natural products, and the author of notable cooking books as well.
 Along with Ramón Barri, Teresa has got an extensive experience as a healthy restaurants set up consultant within Spain.
 Vegetarian Cuisine
 TERESA CARLES is one of the model Vegetarian Restaurants in Barcelona. Our key assets are our beyond 35 years experienced Chef in Charge Teresa Carles Borràs, a great value for money and a continuous effort to explore and innovate in the Healthy Restaurants category.
 Social 
 Visit website 
 BARCELONA 
 Jovellanos
 2 
Barcelona 
 Find a 
table 
 Phone 
 93.317.18.29 
 LLEIDA 
 Plaça Ricard
Vinyes 5 
Lleida 
 Find a 
table 
 Phone 
 973.27.27.95 
 Flexitarian Cuisine
 FLAX & KALE is a Healthy Flexitarian Restaurant. All the dishes are designed not only to maximize the organoleptic pleasure, but also considering their nutritional value. 80% of our offer is Plant-Based and the remaining 20% are recipes that contain Oily Fish. Nowadays there are hardly any doubts about the correlation between a proper diet and a strong illness-free health. We feel passionate about feeding you better therefore you can be happier and live longer with an optimal health. Welcome to the fascinating world of Tasty + Healthy + Sustainable food!
 Social 
 Visit website 
 TALLERS 
 Tallers
 74B 
Barcelona 
 Find a 
table 
 Phone 
 93.317.56.64 
 PASSAGE 
 Sant Pere
Més Alt
 31-33 
 Barcelona
 Find a 
table 
 Phone 
 93.524.00.52 
 CFAH 
 &copy; 2026 Teresa Carles - Legal notice - Cookie policy 
 ES · 
 CAT · 
 ENG 
 X 
 This site uses proprietary and third-party cookies to improve our services. If you continue browsing, we will understand that you accept their use. 
 Learn more about web cookies 
 Accept and continue browsing