Source: https://wanderlog.com/list/geoCategory/71041/best-places-to-eat-in-salou

The 38 best places to eat in Salou 
 Recommended
 English
 All languages
 Bahasa Indonesia
 Indonesian
 Bahasa Melayu
 Malay
 Dansk
 Danish
 Deutsch
 German
 English
 Español
 Spanish
 Français
 French
 Italiano
 Italian
 Nederlands
 Dutch
 Norsk
 Norwegian
 Polski
 Polish
 Português
 Portuguese
 Română
 Romanian
 Suomi
 Finnish
 Svenska
 Swedish
 Tagalog
 Tagalog
 Tiếng Việt
 Vietnamese
 Türkçe
 Turkish
 Ελληνικά
 Greek
 Русский
 Russian
 עברית
 Hebrew
 العربية
 Arabic
 فارسی
 Farsi
 हिन्दी
 Hindi
 বাংলা
 Bengali
 ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
 Punjabi
 ไทย
 Thai
 한국어
 Korean
 中文
 Chinese
 日本語
 Japanese
 Log in 
 Sign up 
 Open map layers
 Map layers 
 Close
 Select all 
 • Deselect all 
 Overview 
 The 38 best places to eat in Salou
 Exit map 
 Zoom into places 
 All places The 38 best places to eat in Salou 
 Map view 
 Salou Best places to eat 
 Pin 
 The 38 best places to eat in Salou
 When is your trip? 
 Start date –
 End date 
 Plan trip 
 Navigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Wanderlog staff Updated • updated Apr 17, 2025 
 Many of us are foodies on the Wanderlog team, so naturally we’re always on the hunt to eat at the most popular spots anytime we travel somewhere new. With favorites like The Fox And Hounds, La Goleta Salou Restaurant, and Deliranto and more, get ready to experience the best flavors around Salou. Why trust us
 We scoured through the internet and read through 7 reputable sites and blogs like Holiday Hypermarket and universalholidaycentre.com. We gathered all the results in one place and ranked them by how many times they were mentioned so you know you&#x27;re getting the best of the best. Just look for the "mentioned by" tags on each place.
 Curious about the sites we referenced? See the list of all 7 sites we checked out. 
Visiting Salou? See our Salou Trip Planner. Your itinerary and your map in one view
 No more switching between different apps, tabs, and tools to keep track of your travel plans.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 What users say about the app
 Love love love! ❤️ Planning travel has actually been fun instead of tedious because of this app.
 J
 Julie G.
 Exactly what I needed to plan a trip. I can’t imagine anyone not loving this app!
 J
 Jen S.
 Wanderlog makes planning a trip so effortless. Seriously, this app does it all!
 B
 Brad C.
 This site and app let me do all the planning for our 15 day trip in a little over 6 hours! I can’t recommend it enough!
 A
 Amanda W.
 Amazing!! The organization this app provides has taken a huge weight off my shoulders.
 G
 Garrett V.
 This is the crème de la crème of planning apps! Don’t think about it - just click download right this minute.
 C
 Chris C.
 Your itinerary and your map in one view
 No more switching between different apps, tabs, and tools to keep track of your travel plans.
 Get the app 
 Other best of categories in Salou 
 See all
 Browse categories
 Close
 Place category Restaurants, museums, etc. 
 Popular
 Food
 Drink
 Attractions
 Popular
 Restaurants
 Attractions
 Cafes
 Bars
 Food
 Cheap eats
 Family restaurants
 Places to eat
 American restaurants
 Asian food
 Desserts
 Steak
 Food to try
 Fast food
 Italian restaurants
 Drink
 Nightlife
 Place to party
 Attractions
 Shopping
 Kid-friendly attractions
 Beaches
 Buildings
 Free attractions
 Hotels
 Parks and gardens
 Fun things to do
 Bed and breakfast
 Spa hotels
 Restaurants 
 Attractions 
 Cafes 
 Cheap eats 
 Family restaurants 
 Shopping 
 Bars 
 Kid-friendly attractions 
 Nightlife 
 1 The Fox And Hounds 
 Save 
 4.6 ( 3599 ) 
 • 4.6 ( 1901 ) 
 • Mentioned on   2 lists   
 Temporarily Closed
 $ $$$ cheap 
 Family restaurant
 Bar
 Breakfast restaurant
 Show 5 more 
 The Fox And Hounds is a family restaurant that is highly recommended by those who have tried it. The food is excellent, the service exemplary, and the atmosphere fun and lively. The staff are friendly and entertaining, making for an enjoyable dining experience for everyone in the family.
 From the moment we walked in, we were greeted with warm smiles and a cozy atmosphere. The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive without being overbearing.
Every dish we ordered was bursting with flavor and beautifully presented. You can really taste the love and care that goes into the cooking.
The highlight of the evening was the Banoffee pie and Chocolate Fudge cake with ice cream. Portions were generous, and the prices were more than fair for the quality.
Whether you’re a local or just passing through, this place is an absolute must-visit. I’ll definitely be coming back. Highly recommended!
 Rogier T — Google review 
 Incredible place! The food was so good, that despite being full board at our hotel, we chose to eat here every day!
The breakfasts are amazing. I especially loved the addition of white pudding and tattie scones on request. Absolutely divine!
The curry was the BEST curry I&#x27;ve ever had. I highly recommend the lamb jalfrezi. It&#x27;s so delicious, I had it two days in a row!
Drinks are inexpensive, and very generously served. The cocktails are massive!
Great selection of draught and bottled drinks too.
Staff were attentive, polite, funny and quick.
I absolutely love it here! Could not ask for more.
 Fi — Google review 
 Lovely little place just off the side street, they bend over backwards to help you, we just rocked up and it wasn’t a problem, I spoke my best Spanish, their English was better though lol😆😆.
The food was absolutely brilliant, fussy daughter said it was the best bolognese she’d ever eaten, the baked kebab was soo filling and delicious, I couldn’t fault it at all and The menu is HUGE! We were Greeted with warm smiles and the staff make an effort to talk to you but do leave you alone to eat.
All the staff here are really friendly and even spoke to my daughter making her feel so special, she loved the attention! As promised we’ll defiantly be back as it’s very reasonably priced. Would highly recommend this place.
Thankyou so much!
 Darren M — Google review 
 Why did I have to find this place on the last day of my holiday 😫 food looked and tasted amazing. Literally felt like I was in one of them cartoons following the smell of the food from other tables. Place was packed, waited about 10 mins to be seated so reserve where possible. Will visit again 100%. Food reasonably priced too got cheesy garlic bread, SFC wrap with chips and coke for only €20
 Jamie M — Google review 
 Myself my wife and our three year old daughter ate here tonight and it was amazing from the staff being so helpful and friendly specially with kids. And the food was amazing we had started to loose hope of actual nice food in salou but the food here is amazing especially the Indian. I would highly recommend this for all couples and families. Also it was way better value for money they all other places we have been ironic seen as it was the best. Drinks menu is also unreal 😋.
 Sean D — Google review 
 went two nights in a row first night loved the food great selection and great service from shani we had a cockroach run across our table at the end of the night we were told it was from the place next door the next night we loved the food again we found our server not as welcoming and we ordered the butter chicken which we found a hair in as well as the naan bread when telling the server as we paid the bill we were offered a bottle of wine but asked to take a drink off instead they offered 2 euro lower before offering to remove 7.45 when a cocktail is 7.50 and gave us 4 free shots we also had food poisoning from the carbonara
 Kadie M — Google review 
 We had a fantastic dinner at The Fox and Hounds in Salou. The food was delicious, fresh, and full of flavour - with great options for coeliacs and gluten-free diets. They took our dietary needs seriously and made sure everything was safe and well-prepared.
Our server Yuvi was outstanding - friendly, attentive, and genuinely caring. He explained the menu clearly, made great recommendations, and ensured we were completely looked after from start to finish.
Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for great food, excellent service, and a restaurant that truly caters for all dietary requirements.
 Shona R — Google review 
 Shani is very friendly and a top server. Been in Salou 8 days and today’s meal at the fox & hound was the best by far! Quick service and fantastic cocktails - even my fussy teenager loved it! Can’t wait to return already
 Miss M — Google review 
 Carrer de La Rioja, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://foxandhoundssalou.com/ • Tips and more reviews for The Fox And Hounds 
 2 La Goleta Salou Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 1752 ) 
 • 4.4 ( 509 ) 
 • Mentioned on   2 lists   
 $$$ $ expensive 
 Restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Seafood restaurant
 La Goleta Salou Restaurant is a classic establishment that has been serving exquisite Mediterranean cuisine for 25 years. Situated on the beach with stunning views of Cala Capellans, this maritime-themed restaurant offers elegantly prepared seafood, grilled meats, and paella. The modern space features large windows overlooking the sea, creating an exceptional dining experience. Visitors praise the top-notch service and high-quality dishes, making it a must-visit destination in Salou.
 We ate here on our first night staying in Salou by recommendation by staff at 4R Salou Park.
La Gomera Demo started attentive service and lovely food. Staff bought out a whole sea bass and lobsters for us to view before choosing to eat.
Our kids were accommodated as well, considering this place strikes us as a more upmarket place to eat.
Interactions with staff at the restaurant were pleasant and with management on socials were very efficient and impressive and showed they care. Would recommend (if you like this type of food of course).
 Liam S — Google review 
 Really Beautiful food. Good service.
My son and I shared a €19 paella and my wife had €21 hake (ask for potatoes with it). Both were excellent. The hake was particularly lovely. Every mouthful was a delight. Top class food.
 Brendan K — Google review 
 The food is tasty, although not sensational. Presentation of dishes very nice, good selection of wines.
 Rav ( — Google review 
 rude (race based) waiters. seated us in the far corner of the restaurant (though many tables were free), asked us to order drinks without providing drinks menu, kept our table full of unnecessary cutlery/wine glasses (though we saw them removing it from other customer tables), were not smiling/friendly (in comparison to other customers). you can clearly say that they preferred locals over tourists.
food was great though and the view is good.
ah, they also miscalculated and added extra items to our bill. make sure you double check your bill!
 Tima. — Google review 
 Exceptional food and service from beginning to end.
Great views too!
Could not recommend more.
 Luke H — Google review 
 Arrived for lunch without reservation and we were very well looked after.
The staff are very good and know their craft well. Wine recommendation was spot on!
The food was presented very well and cooked even better.
The views make the whole experience worth it.
This restaurant is priced slightly above other restaurants but the quality of the food and staff justify it.
 Nathan R — Google review 
 This restaurant is in my top 3 and maybe my favourite of them all. We&#x27;ve spent a week in Salou and returned twice in the seven days there. This is how good everything was.
Not the cheapest but definitely not expensive. The service and the quality of the dishes is top-notch.
We definitely use our experience there as a measure for all the good places we try during our travel. So far, we&#x27;ve been in some good restaurants but not that good. The feel and taste we had in here is unique and it appears, hard to iterate.
 Ac A — Google review 
 Came here with 7 friends for a special school reunion dinner. The restaurant made us up a special menu, which was fabulous. Service excellent, food amazing, great location with a lovely view. Several of the ladies said "best meal ever"!
We will return! Thank you so much Restaurant La Goleta
 Jane P — Google review 
 Carrer de la Gavina, 2, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://lagoletasalou.com/ • +34 977 38 35 66 • Tips and more reviews for La Goleta Salou Restaurant 
 Need a place to stay?
 Where 
 When 
 Dates 
 Navigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 When 
 Check-in –
 Check-out 
 Navigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 When 
 Check-in –
 Check-out 
 Navigate forward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Navigate backward to interact with the calendar and select a date. Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates.
 Travelers 
 1
 2
 2
 Search 
 Search 
 3 Deliranto 
 Save 
 4.7 ( 636 ) 
 • 4.7 ( 278 ) 
 • Mentioned on   2 lists   
 $$$$ very expensive 
 Fine dining restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Deliranto is a restaurant located in Salou, Tarragona, Spain. It is known for its unique and diverse menu offerings. The establishment has garnered attention and praise from locals and tourists alike. Deliranto offers a one-of-a-kind dining experience that showcases the best of the region&#x27;s culinary delights. With its prime location, visitors can easily access nearby attractions such as PortAventura Caribe Aquatic Park and PortAventura World.
 unbelievable experience, second time my wife and I have ate hear and this time was even better than the first.
The chef was out front for the major part of the meal, bringing our wine and explaining in great detail where they were from and the importance they brought to the dish, it was like having our own personal celebrity chef waiting on us .
We have ate in quite a few places like this but this has to be up there with the best .
Highly recommended
 Alan G — Google review 
 Overrated, interesting experience with the storylines but the food is just OK nothing spectacular, the quality itself of ingredients and so on is not there. Never had such horrible oysters, same for the foie gras...the wine pairing was mediocre. Waiters did their best, the chef had an arrogant attitude. All in all would avoid, doesnt compare to other Michelin Star restaurants I have been to.
 Hamza M — Google review 
 Salou isn&#x27;t the most obvious location for a Michelin-starred restaurant, particularly one as eccentric as Deliranto turned out to be. So, when we were booking our recent holiday to the Catalan resort and discovered that this restaurant existed we were delighted to be able to book a visit. In these Covid-infested times we had no idea how the experience would turn out. We need not have worried.
Upon our arrival it was clear that some things were a little bit different because of Covid. Our first stop was the hand sanitiser station for example. Though we didn&#x27;t have to wear masks, all the serving staff did, and the tables were very well spaced out to allow social distancing. These were all small prices to pay however for the experience that awaited us.
Menus at Deliranto are based around a story, and during our visit it was the fable of Orpheus, and how he, Neo and Trinity freed humanity from The Matr....oh, sorry, Orpheus. Anyway, the whole menu was based around this theme, including some of the utensils (plates just doesn&#x27;t do them justice) on which the various courses are served on.
There were two menus to choose from, of which we opted for the long. It&#x27;s hard to say exactly how many courses this actually contained because there was so much food it all became a blur. There were also a choice of two wine flights, of which we plumped for the smaller, which contained five glasses. This differed from wine flights I&#x27;ve had before in a couple of ways: Firstly, if you finished your glass the waiter topped it up for you. Secondly, we were given the choice between red and white wines on a couple of occasions. Each of the wines were delicious, many of them local and with the aperitif before our meal and the sake served with one of the courses there was plenty enough to be going along with!
So, on to the food. There was a lot of food. It was very good food, ranging from good to great to exceptional. Starting with olives which weren&#x27;t olives but were actually ricotta and jalapeno and tomato and balsamic spheres respectively. Ending with a refreshing lychee dessert and taking in all manners of wonders in between.
A book containing delicious soups. A treasure chest of the most perfect squid I&#x27;ve ever tasted. A cube of curried lamb. A &#x27;carbonara&#x27; with ribbons of daikon instead of pasta. Wagyu beef with a coffee sphere served on a boat with a mini souffle. A quenelle of beef tartare designed to be split in two and made into DIY beef wellington and steak tartare. A cube of lamb with curry sauce. A dessert of rose and pistachio. On and on it went. I could barely manage the last slab of &#x27;fish of the day&#x27; and forwent an after dinner coffee as I didn&#x27;t think I could manage the petit fours. They served us them anyway. With the menu being in Spanish and Google Translate being of limited use (what, exactly is &#x27;Pig and Pig of Pig?) it was often hard to know how far we&#x27;d actually got.
Service was excellent throughout. Our main waitress and sommelier both did a fantastic job explaining the food, wines and stories, in spite of the language barrier and wearing muffling face masks. At one point everyone ate the same dish, accompanied by a speech from one of the waiters and playing of the Can Can, which is from the Offenbach opera of Orpheus. Bonkers.
This wasn&#x27;t just a meal, it was a story, a performance. It wasn&#x27;t a cheap one but it was certainly memorable and I&#x27;d urge anyone who likes fine dining and is in Salou to give it a whirl. You won&#x27;t regret it and you&#x27;ll never, ever forget it.
 Roman F — Google review 
 A very cool experience. Since December is nearing, each course of our meal was connected to a scene from the Christmas Carol, including delightful visual elements and storytelling. The food was incredible, a modern take on historical local cuisine.
 Charles Z — Google review 
 For my birthday, I had the pleasure of dining at Deliranto. This wasn&#x27;t my first Michelin-starred restaurant, but it was undoubtedly the best. The food was exceptional, but what truly set Deliranto apart was the immersive experience. Every small detail was meticulously thought through, making each moment memorable. From the artistic presentation to the story-driven tasting menu, immense care and creativity were evident in every aspect. Deliranto isn’t just a meal—it’s a journey of culinary excellence and sensory delight
 Kate W — Google review 
 The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Nothing was too much trouble for the serving staff and kitchen. It was a uniquely good experience and we would certainly recommend it.
 Lynda P — Google review 
 Exceptional experience! Our first Michelin starred restaurant, and what a journey!! Everything from the food to the staff was awesome. The quality of the food is, obviously, pretty up.
But the kindness of the waiter/waitress is above everything I have ever seen. Not too present, not too distant, just what you need to have a comfortable experience without having someone behind your back everytime you pick your fork.
We had the regular menu (130€), not the extended (160€), and we were more than full at the end of it lol. We had 13 or 15 dishes, on a 2h30 time-line. Add to that the 5 wines&#x27; glasses (55€) according to the food coming. You definitely pay for what you get, and you get A LOT! 😄
A huge thank you to all the team, chef and everyone there working in this restaurant.
Bravo 👏
 Guillaume — Google review 
 We decided to visit a Michelin star restaurant for the first time in our lives, so we booked seats for 3 people in Deliranto restaurant. It turned out we were the only customers in the restaurant that night. We decided for a 26 course menu, accompanied with a bottle of red and white wine, priced 38€ a bottle. Our whole dinner lasted for about 3 hours. Unfortunately, the service at the restaurant did not live up to the expectation at all. The waiters didn&#x27;t speak English, and the stories and tales accompanying the courses were not presented at all. On top of that, our check was done for 4 people/guests (150€ per person, 600€ in total), although there were only 3 of us (should&#x27;ve been 450€ in total). The red wine was marked as 110€ on the check, although we picked a wine with the cost of 38€ - we were brought a wine that was 3 times more expensive than we had asked for. The amendment was made to the check regarding the number of people, it was changed from 4 people (total of 600€) to 3 people (total of 450€), but when asking about the wine, they just shrugged and told us they understood us differently.
All in all, although the food was good, it was a rather disappointing and unsatisfactory first time experience in a Michelin star restaurant.
 Marek S — Google review 
 Carrer de Llevant, 7, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.deliranto.com/reservas • +34 977 38 09 42 • Tips and more reviews for Deliranto 
 4 BOQUET RESTAURANT 
 Save 
 4.6 ( 1683 ) 
 • 4.4 ( 140 ) 
 • Mentioned on   2 lists   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Nestled in the vibrant culinary scene of Salou, Boquet Restaurant is a delightful destination for lovers of Mediterranean cuisine. This charming eatery showcases an array of flavors, featuring everything from delectable rice dishes to fresh fish and succulent meat options, all complemented by homemade desserts. The restaurant prides itself on blending traditional recipes with innovative touches, creating a unique dining experience that stands out in the area. Boquet&#x27;s daily menu offers exceptional value, making it a popular choice among locals and visitors alike.
 We had dinner in this restaurant last Saturday and we had a great time. The food was very good and delicious. We had snails, mussels, goat cheese salad, tuna tartar and salmon starter. The main courses were super as we have had Paella with crawfish and clams, suckling pig, lamb and beautiful cooked monkfish. The wine list was very good and the pricing was fantastic. The service was good. I wish they would have done better wine service but we were a table of 18 guest and I understand that it is a bit difficult with so many people. The ambience of this restaurant was super and we will definitely come back. Thanks.
 Mark E — Google review 
 Very nice restaurant, well decorated , great service and great food , with good prices. Good wine seleccion, the desserts were house made and delicious, the food comes in big portions and bery tasty. We tried the tartar&#x27;s , the octopus , and the rice , all goods.
 Monica G — Google review 
 Both food and service were top notch. Every single dish we ordered was beautiful but the real standouts were the pig cheek and the shallot ham and vegetable pastry dish. Even more amazing to us, visiting Spain from Ireland, was how accepting and welcoming everyone was of our 1 year old son. The staff played with him and really made us feel so welcome as a family. We will definitely be back
 Sinead R — Google review 
 Our best meal in Spain! The staff was so kind, the service was top notch and the food was mouth watering. I had the beef carpaccio with foie gras, the turbot - outstanding, and the Catalan cream mousse for dessert. Each course was plated beautifully, generous portions, and tasted amazing. The price was also very reasonable.
 Stephanie G — Google review 
 Whole experience was just amazing, excellent attentive service & amazing food. Also very good value at €28 for the daily menu. Will be back.
 Paul A — Google review 
 The food was amazing. Each dish was carefully prepared with high quality ingredients. The tastes were unique and compelling.
 Shannette B — Google review 
 Great service and good quality products! We enjoyed our dinner in this lovely location and we can definitely recommend it.
 Tihomir Y — Google review 
 Good food and great service. Got the fish paella which was nice but a little bit on the pricier side! They price by 1 person online but you have to order by minimum two people so make sure you know that the price is double what’s on the menu if you order rice dish for 2 people!
We were served complimentary bread with olives to start which was a lovely addition. The wine was mediocre.
 C D — Google review 
 Carrer de Berenguer de Palou, 9, local 6, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://boquet.carrd.co/ • +34 977 00 20 43 • Tips and more reviews for BOQUET RESTAURANT 
 5 Guinness Tavern 
 Save 
 4.8 ( 984 ) 
 • 4.7 ( 2079 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Irish restaurant
 The Guinness Tavern is a charming, family-owned pub in Salou that offers a wide range of dishes to cater to various tastes and dietary preferences. The cozy atmosphere and vast beer garden make it an ideal spot for enjoying global comfort food, including vegan options. The menu features homemade meals with generous portion sizes, such as their famous steaks and the delightful Steak and Guinness pie.
 Beautiful place with a great atmosphere. It was busy when we went but we did book. Had a laugh with our waiter and will be going again in future.
 Dale H — Google review 
 We booked ahead because we brought our doggy, they gave us a quiet table which was perfect. Absolutely enjoyed everything about the place, the food and the service (from all the staff) was exceptional. We had mushrooms, salad, ribs and a burger and the food was so good, we finished it before finishing our first Guinness. 100% recommended.
 Kyle R — Google review 
 We went on Friday 3rd October, having booked when in the UK, unfortunately we could not get out of there fast enough. They sat us next to a family of foul mouthed British with young children the man was swearing at his young child loud enough that other dinners where looking over. The Atmosphere was none existent and not what we expected and made you feel uncomfortable, I would have thought a staff member would have quietly asked them to curve there language. We only ordered one drink and a main, ate it as quick as possible and left. The food was as good as expected after all the great reviews and the staff and service were friendly and helpful. Definitely worth a try if in Salou, but remember to book in advance.
 Mark H — Google review 
 Food was very tasty - we had chicken strips and chips and Thai green curry. Overall a good experience, staff are friendly and welcoming, however service was a little bit slow because of how busy it was. Quite expensive for what you get, but there is plenty of choice on the menu for all tastes so would be good for larger groups too.
 Megan T — Google review 
 Thank you Google.....
By mistake we ended up in Salou. Not being British (lobster-red and drunk), we desperately looked for a decent place to eat.
Like the luck of the Irish, Google sent us in the direction of The Guiness Tavern.
Homemade food sprinkled with a touch of Irish love.
The food is amazing (especially the steak and Guinness pie) and the beers cold.
The food was served with a smile and the prices affordable.
So if you&#x27;re looking for some good genuine homemade food, you&#x27;ll love the Guiness Tavern.
So thank you Google for sending us to the Guiness Tavern and to the fantastic staff making Salou a better place to eat.
 Mikael B — Google review 
 Top spot, my girlfriend she had the shepherds pie, i had the solomillo de ternera - both &#x27;de leche&#x27;. Service top, price top - we&#x27;ll be back.
 ItsChris — Google review 
 Perfect dinner from start to finish. We did not have a booking but we were fitted in and thankfully we were.
The service was second to none with all the staff very nice and the food was absolutely fantastic.
The chicken strips were proper chicken breast and cooked to perfection and my son loved his kids pizza and chips.
If you dont drink alcohol, i would highly recommend the kids cocktail, delicious.
So after a successful first dinner at the Guiness Tavern, we booked in for a further 3 dinners and all were fantastic. Would have booked in again tonight but it is closed on a Tuesday night.
 CK O — Google review 
 Alright, the food here was absolutely amazing. We were a party of 3, all ordered different meals and we were stunned by how good it was for the price. The staff was quite friendly and they spoke multiple languages, which also made it easy to order. The atmosphere was really calm, and that makes for a really nice and enjoyable dinner. The only problem I had was the waiters coming over multiple times to ask if we wanted drinks, even though we had ordered already, but it wasn&#x27;t that big of a deal. Overall, I would recommend coming here if you&#x27;re looking for good food at a decently cheap price!
 Misakii — Google review 
 Calle Alfonso v, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • +34 650 43 57 91 • Tips and more reviews for Guinness Tavern 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Get the app 
 6 Boca Boca Salou 
 Save 
 4.1 ( 5334 ) 
 • 4.1 ( 2012 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Hamburger restaurant
 Pizza restaurant
 Tapas restaurant
 Boca Boca Salou is a modern and stylish restaurant located on Saragossa Street, offering a diverse menu available all day. The restaurant&#x27;s unique decor stands out in the new center of Salou, providing a festive and cosmopolitan atmosphere for diners. While some visitors found the service to be average, many enjoyed the food and extensive menu options. Despite occasional busyness, patrons appreciated the good quality of the food served at Boca Boca Salou.
 I went to Boca Boca one morning to make progress on some stuff for my biz and was attended by Wissal. I have to say, she was absolutely flawless! She had high attention to all my needs even before I asked for something. Love the service!
 Kevin R — Google review 
 The food tasted good, portions were quite generous, and the price was reasonable. The service was quick. I didn’t have to wait long for my order.
The restaurant was decorated with a Halloween theme, which looked nice. Staff could communicate in English and the overall atmosphere was relaxed.
I visited on a Wednesday when it was lightly raining, so the place wasn’t crowded. A comfortable spot to eat 🍽️
 Maj B — Google review 
 We went here for my birthday meal, and the food was amazing. Unfortunately i had a case of FOMO... 😂 We looked at the menu and some of the photos didn&#x27;t do the meal justice. I opted for a burger my friend ordered the hanging meat skewer. The photo on the menu wasn&#x27;t anywhere near as good as it looked when it came out.. we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals, the ice-cream was the best we had ever had, the atmosphere was amazing. The staff were very friendly,the only slight issue we had was trying to get someones attention for more drinks and the dessert menu. I ended up going outside and asked the lad in the door who was more than happy to get some one over to our table.
We had a brilliant night and we all would highly recommend going here. We definitely will go back
 Fiona D — Google review 
 It’s right on the tourist strip so very loud and noisy. Good variety of food and drinks but everything is mediocre or not good. the gazpacho was sour so we didn’t eat it. The pancakes were okay but not satisfying. The kinder shake looks good but is okay. The nachos were okay too. The service was really not in the mood. 7 people were working and most of them had nothing to do but wouldn’t care about the guests needs. We waited long for them to notice us everytime (even tho it wasn’t crowded). All in all I would say it looks better than it really is. Don’t go there if you look for a nice place to eat.
 Action C — Google review 
 Came here for drinks and snacks as passing on holiday.
Really cool decor and styling, chilled atmosphere. Some difficulty communicating but we don&#x27;t speak Spanish so can&#x27;t complain about that. Excellent soundtrack just completely my kind of place.
All food we had was great as we&#x27;re the drinks however the watermelon iced drink had a perfumed taste that was a bit odd. Fresh juices and smoothies are lovely. Would recommend.
 Jennifer F — Google review 
 It was a good way to end a busy day, especially for the kids. A very nice lady "Blauboat group" came by the table to give kids complimentary face paint, in any design.
It&#x27;s a Rock-n- Roll vibe, nive for adults & kid friendly.
Kids are happy! We are happy!
 Ms E — Google review 
 We stopped here randomly in the busy part of Salou. Started with drinks then moved on to food. We didn’t order much as it was a quick bite but the food was good and they had a great (large) menu. There was so much to choose from and I did plan to return but didn’t have time. The atmosphere was good, clean place, staff were ooook, would’ve been nice if some of them were friendlier. My partner always says, spend money where the people are good too.
 Kim K — Google review 
 Nice bar in Salou. It takes a while to get someone to take your order but after order is done the food arrives super quick. The food is ok but a bit overpriced for what you get I think personally but still nice. Good cocktails too. Nice decor.
 Caitlin B — Google review 
 Carrer de Saragossa, 13, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://www.blauboat.com/ • +34 977 38 16 17 • Tips and more reviews for Boca Boca Salou 
 7 Oliver’s Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.4 ( 872 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 1907 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Oliver’s Restaurant is a steakhouse with European, British, and grill options that also has a gastropub international atmosphere. They offer vegan and gluten free meals as well as full bar service. They accept American Express, Mastercard, and Visa. They have outdoor seating and wheelchair access.
 First time we came here on our holiday in Salou, we came for the “famous roast” which was unfortunately sold out. However we ordered starters of the soup of the day which was Amazing, all home cooked and the mains were just as delicious. You can really tell the ingredients are fresh. The service was lovely all the waiters were so nice and the service was very quick for the quality of food. Defiantly will be a spot we’ll come back too.
 Jules S — Google review 
 Eat here 3 times on our visit to Salou and couldn’t fault any of the food we enjoyed. Sampled chicken and beef Fajitas, nachos, spaghetti bolognese, sirloin steak and beef and ale pie along with apple pie and cocktails. All meals were faultless. Very home-cooked feel to everything and the friendly service was apparent on all three visits. The steak I enjoyed on our last visit was cooked to perfection and the spaghetti bolognese was one of the nicest I have ever sampled especially considering this is not an Italian restaurant. The cocktails were very good and prepared with care and not too expensive. Overall each meal was more than worth what we paid. Would 100% recommend and definitely would go back next time when in Salou.
 Tim O — Google review 
 Every time we visit Salou we always stop here for dinner. I phoned ahead and booked a table via messenger. Glad we did as it was fully booked when we arrived.
The food is absolutely divine! We both opted for the steak and ale pie this time. Wow! The jugs of sangria also went down a treat.
I highly recommend coming here for dinner. The staff are lovely as well.
See you next year!
 Laura P — Google review 
 Oliver&#x27;s was right next door to our hotel and we wish we tried it sooner. But hey we&#x27;re only half way through our stay and will definitely be back. We had the lamb shoulder to share and wow doesn&#x27;t describe this dish. Everything was hot, the lamb fell off the bone, the mash was delicious, the roasties and veg were tasty too.
 Tony J — Google review 
 I had the fillet steak here and wow it was beautiful cooked just how I asked my partner had the steak n ale pie which was beautiful and tender can&#x27;t fault the food here 10/10 from us definitely worth a visit
 Paul C — Google review 
 Been coming to salou for years and never been able to get a seat in here, until today. The food here is very nice and great size portions. The peri peri chicken is the best in salou, as was the steak and ale pie. Staff are very friendly and the service was probably the best about. Definitely worth a visit if you’re looking for a nice meal.
 James — Google review 
 Visited twice & both times food was excellent. Steak & ale pie. Seafood spaghetti. Chicken croquets. Seafood penne. Chicken wings. All very nice. ( a sauce or dip with chicken wings would have been nice).
Waiters very attentive.
Very reasonable prices.
Only 4 stars due to seafood penne being extremely messy peeling prawns & discarding mussel shells with no spare plate to put waste & also no finger bowl or wipes. Waiter eventually brought some wipes over once we had finished after us asking.
All in all a lovely couple of meals.
 Tony G — Google review 
 Really enjoyed our evening here. The place was busy and took a while to take our drinks order but they they arrived quickly and so too did the food.
The food was served up quickly and piping hot. I really enjoyed the Mediterranean chicken burger. The cheesy garlic bread was good too.
We sat inside where it was very warm, but there were a few fans around.
The staff were friendly. Will visit again next time. Prices were reasonable. This was an unplanned visit due to the terrible food that our hotel was serving up that evening.
 Paul K — Google review 
 Carrer Major, 68, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://www.facebook.com/OliversRestaurantSalou2018 • +34 619 26 03 36 • Tips and more reviews for Oliver’s Restaurant 
 8 O Xantar Mediterráneo Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 903 ) 
 • 4.6 ( 1332 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Mediterranean restaurant
 O Xantar Mediterráneo Restaurant is a modern eatery ideally situated near the Mediterranean Sea, offering a delightful selection of local Spanish cuisine. The restaurant boasts a sunny terrace and welcoming indoor space where guests can savor specialty seafood dishes like fish paellas. While prices may be slightly higher than other nearby restaurants, visitors find the food to be worth every cent, with beautifully cooked prawns and delectable steaks that leave diners thoroughly satisfied.
 Fantastic restaurant with delicious food at really worthy prices. We really liked the vibe there, calm and relaxing with yummy servings. The staff was lovely. Paella was fantastic, and it had the best mules I have ever tasted!
While most of the Salou restaurants are just tourist traps, this one is a true gem of taste. I can visit Salou only to eat there again!
 Sebastian — Google review 
 A great little hotspot. Delicious, tasty and well deserved. Slightly on the pricier compared to others, but the flavours and homemade tells it all. Highly recommend
 Daniella B — Google review 
 WOW! WOW! WOW! This place oh my days!!! The food was AMAZING! in 7 nights, we came twice because it was so good. The early deal from 7pm-8:30pm is €25 for 2 courses and at that low price you’d expect alright food, nothing amazing, but this food is to DIE for! It is such a shame that so many tourists are eating from the big chain restaurants, when the quality here is so lovely. The food speaks for itself, everything we tried was absolutely gorgeous. 2 of the best meals we had whilst we were here. It’s quiet, which makes it all the more lovely, the staff are attentive and so so kind, they don’t harass you to come in either which is a huge bonus on the tourist strip. If you want unreal service and unreal Spanish food, look no further. (No pictures to add… we ate it too fast!)
 Tayler W — Google review 
 An incredible meal! Real authentic food, not a tourist trap. One of the best paellas I’ve ever had and my boyfriend’s steak was done to perfection. The staff were so helpful and helped us pick the perfect meal. Such generous portions and perfectly flavoured. Definitely give it a try or you’re missing out!
 Rachael C — Google review 
 "and when Bill had finished his meal, he wept, for there was no more steak to eat". The food here is divine. People may be intimidated by the slightly higher prices compared to the numerous other restaurants in the area, but it was worth every single cent. We had beautifully cooked prawns to start, followed by one of the best steaks I&#x27;ve had in years. The lettuce heart I had as a side probably rivals most mains in the area. Even the lettuce is amazing for goodness sake! If you&#x27;re looking for a higher end meal to spoil yourselves with on holiday definitely consider Xantar.
 Bill J — Google review 
 i went here for dinner yesterday after seeing the good reviews, walking down the street there were so so so many restaurants trying to get us to come in, not really leaving us alone when we said we had plans; however when we arrived Xantar there was nobody pressuring us to come in, we were allowed time to look at the menu, talk amongst ourselves and come in at our own pace. NO pressure at all. which was such a breath of fresh air
to our surprise it was very relaxed and quiet, which as somebody with sensory difficulties was such a relief, the kind staff quickly took and brought our orders within a really timely manner.
the food , although on the pricier side was absolutely stunning, and the servings are really generous. you definitely get your moneys worth here. i didn’t even have any room for pudding…. but i may be coming back for more before i go back home :)
 Keroppi E — Google review 
 The paella itself was very tasty – we ordered one to share between three people, and the flavors were really enjoyable. However, for me paella is also about the experience. Part of the charm is having the pan placed on the table, sharing directly from it. Here, the pan was only briefly shown to us before the paella was plated somewhere else and served individually. That felt like a missed opportunity and took away from the atmosphere I was hoping for.
On top of that, the staff seemed rather impatient and not very welcoming, which unfortunately left a less positive impression. Overall, good food but the service and presentation didn’t quite match the expectations.
 Jasmin E — Google review 
 Best meal of our 10 days in Salou. Although this restaurant is located amongst the tourist specific restaurants, it offers some very good authentic Spanish cuisine.
Amazing staff and service.
Would definitely recommend for lovers of good food!
 Nathan R — Google review 
 Carrer de Bilbao, 3, Bajos B, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://o-xantar-mediterraneo.com/ • +34 977 07 31 52 • Tips and more reviews for O Xantar Mediterráneo Restaurant 
 9 Danny Boy 
 Save 
 4.4 ( 1805 ) 
 • 4.3 ( 1056 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Irish pub
 Danny Boy is a popular Irish bar located just a short walk from the beach in Salou. It&#x27;s known for its friendly staff, lively atmosphere, and nightly Irish music. The bar offers pub classics for dinner and an extensive selection of Spanish cocktails and beers. Whether you&#x27;re looking to enjoy a hearty meal or some evening entertainment, Danny Boy has you covered. Additionally, the fully air-conditioned bar provides a welcome escape from the heat of Salou during the day.
 Great atmosphere and friendly staff, even if busy at the bar service is still quick.
Really enjoyed the live music and my wife and daughter got free t-shirts, bonus
 Michael H — Google review 
 Just come back from a few days in Salou. Having been to Salou serval times over the years, we always go to Danny Boy! We went 2 nights in a row and honestly its a great craic! Staff was great, polite great service at the bar and Alex was going around dancing with everyone finding us seats, collecting glasses etc. Great pint of Guiness too! Live music was brilliant. I will keep going back!
 David P — Google review 
 On my resent visit to salou we visited the danny boy there was an amazing atmosphere,the bar staff were lovely but want to say a special thanks to Donegal Sean for the brilliant music and making us feel like home form home and a special thanks to Alex for the amazing Dancing love from Ann and Kevin from Ireland.
 Ann D — Google review 
 Never had food here but what a fantastic pub to visit, high energy from the live bands the bar staff excellent and a guy who is just floating about getting everyone up dancing. Absolutely brilliant highly recommend
 D G — Google review 
 There were two irish boys performing the night we were there, they had a guitar each and they were taking requests (the likes of Sean South), they were absolutely brilliant and the atmosphere was fantastic!
 Aoife M — Google review 
 Good pint of Guinness.Music and atmosphere 1st rate .Only down side is the only entrance is a alleyway with tables either side full of people smoking
Not very pleasant for no smokers
 Peter C — Google review 
 Walked in, sticky floors.
Place was quiet so we were going to stay for food. Then they started playing Daniel O donnel or some other "country &#x27;n&#x27; irish" drivel, we left immediately. Yes it&#x27;s an irish bar / restaurant but playing terrible music loudly in an empty venue where people might want to get dinner just puts you right off. Ended up going to Robin Hood and that was terrible too. Will be sticking to Cambrils instead of Salou.
 IrishGuitarist1 — Google review 
 The best place I’ve been too in a long time, the music was fabulous the staff were always smiling and very happy to help, it was an unforgettable experience I’m gutted I had to leave.
 Charlie C — Google review 
 Av. del Principat d&#x27;Andorra, 13, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://dannyboysalou.com/ • +34 674 27 22 61 • Tips and more reviews for Danny Boy 
 10 Chaplins 
 Save 
 4.2 ( 642 ) 
 • 4.4 ( 935 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Bar
 Chaplins in Costa Dorada is a must-visit for families looking for light entertainment. The venue offers hilarious impersonations of beloved singers and celebrities, along with reasonably-priced cocktails. With constantly changing shows, visitors are guaranteed a fresh experience every time. This bar in Salou is renowned for its cabaret nights, karaoke events, and themed parties featuring live performances. Guests praise the great atmosphere, fantastic tribute acts, and welcoming staff at Chaplins.
 Absolutely loved being back in Chaplin&#x27;s. Kids absolutely loved the kids acts at 20.30 every night, if you buy a kids cocktail you get to meet and greet with the cast. We meet Willy wonka, paw patrol and lilo and stitch. The acts were amazing, something different on 20.30/9 then 9/10 then 10/11 etc. the strawberry daiquiri are unreal, super nice could drink them all night. Highly recommend this place for families with kids. My little girl even got the opportunity to get up on stage and sing with one of the acts which was amazing. They even put her name on the screen behind saying featuring....
 Stacey R — Google review 
 We ended up going twice on our recent holiday as the first experience was so good. 2 adults and 2 kids under 10.
Great kids show, the kids loved the frozen show. The live shows after we’re very very good and the venue is perfect. Great table service or if you want you can walk up to the bar and get served pretty much instantly. We all loved it here and will definitely return in the future.
On our second visit we booked a table with the family package and would definitely recommend doing this.
 John S — Google review 
 We had a great night hear for my Daughters birthday. Acts were amazing and the atmosphere was great. Went here 8 years ago and its still a brilliant night out.
 Karen J — Google review 
 Very crammed with limited space. Definitely recommend getting at opening time at 7pm if you want a table inside. Very smokey inside, not much ventilation. Entertainment varies on the act but nothing amazing from our experience of the Taylor swift tribute. Toilets are a little rundown, staff great but overwhelmed so difficult to get consistent service especially for such a small place. Candy floss was lovely for the kids. We experienced technical issues as outdoor speaker not working so couldn&#x27;t hear the act or had to stand at the entrance. Coke was flat asked for a new one waited 15 mins didn&#x27;t get one so we left at that point. Was there 90 mins for an act that lasted 20 mins.
 Jamie G — Google review 
 Nice place hidden up on of the side streets. Live music every night. Early evenings are kid orientated which is great. Can get packed out pretty quick, but there is a outside area with screens to watch what is happening on stage. Drinks where nice with some BIG cocktail drinks to share. But they come at a cost. Usual over 20 euro. But overall the staff were fantastic and very helpful. Would recommend you try it.
 Mitch C — Google review 
 Family friendly, really really great live entertainment (and it’s free!). Excellent service and good prices. Come after 9 to avoid young kids shows. Also after 12.30/1 some nights the show turn into night-club type show, this wasn’t really suitable for our teens. Great venue, clean and friendly.
Staff very accommodating (ordering taxis etc)
 Anna T — Google review 
 I was,on my own but felt very welcome. Lovely staff. Good tribute acts. Only a steep road to get there .
 Irene K — Google review 
 What a amazing family night out Marc Ainslie was fantastic both his acts where 10 out of 10 (gambling man and queen) great for all the family and some great entertainment on offer will be back in the future.
 Ste G — Google review 
 Carrer de Falset, 6, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.chaplinssalou.com/ • +34 977 38 09 40 • Tips and more reviews for Chaplins 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Get the app 
 11 Linda&#x27;s Bar Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.7 ( 549 ) 
 • 4.6 ( 821 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $ $$$ cheap 
 Restaurant
 Bar
 Linda&#x27;s bar restaurant serves European, British, and American cuisine with a full bar. The restaurant is located in the Royal Building on Autovia Salou-Tarragona. Outdoor seating is available and highchairs are available for the children. The restaurant accepts credit cards and has table service.
 if you after a good pie this is the place to go i love my pies best in salou it was full off meat and amazing the fish and chip has well amazing the fish so white and taste great I would 100% go hear and the price is great we had 2 mains 3 drinks and two desserts and it came to 55euro the dessert some nice home made apple pie and strawberry chesse cake mmmmmmmmm did not take any pictures because it was gone before even thinking about a picture lol come hear you will love it
 Richard D — Google review 
 We had the absolute pleasure of dining here and it honestly felt like being welcomed into someone’s home. My boyfriend went for the sausage and mash, while I chose the homemade steak pie – both dishes were cooked to absolute perfection and packed with flavour that reminded us of home comfort food at its very best. The steak pie in particular was bursting with rich, hearty filling and the pastry was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.
Linda herself was the heart of the experience – such an amazing hostess who made sure every detail was perfect from start to finish. It’s rare to find food and service this genuine, warm, and memorable. Truly homemade food to die for – we’ll definitely be back!
 Olivia D — Google review 
 absolutely amazing food, came here with my partner in our last day and we got a sausage & egg panini and a ham & cheese panini with croquetas. the service was amazing and Linda a great hostess! would definitely come back and recommend 😋
 Silvia L — Google review 
 What an absolute gem Linda’s is! We came here and were not disappointed one bit. I had the sirloin steak with mash, veg, onion rings, and mushrooms – the steak was cooked perfectly and full of beautiful flavor. My husband had the rack of ribs, which was huge, meaty, and coated in a special sauce that tasted slightly honey-like and absolutely delicious.
The value for the quality and portion sizes is amazing such a great price for such a satisfying meal. We also had milkshake and sangria 1L. And of course, Linda herself makes the experience extra special. She’s fabulous, attentive, and genuinely looks after her customers with warmth and a smile.
We’ll definitely be back highly recommend!
 Caroline K — Google review 
 Great breakfast and Linda was a fantastic host, hot coffee, great breakfast and good atmosphere, very busy in the morning which is a good sign. Everything is home cooked. Give it a try for breakfast, dinner or tea you won&#x27;t be disappointed.
 Mark H — Google review 
 Delicious food and stunningly friendly staff ( which is something extraordinary in Salou) highly recommended!!!
UPDATE 15.08.2023
Update 4.5.2025
Having returned to one of my favourite restaurants and so I of course wasn’t disappointed by the quality of the food the kindness of the service and the hospitality
Today I returned after a view weeks to enjoy this amazing Steak pie and I was really overwhelmed that the lovely waitress not only just remembered my face but also remembered what I ate on my first visit. It’s not only awesome food for a very good price - they just make you feel most welcome. If you go to Salou: Linda’s is A MUST VISIT
 Lars E — Google review 
 Linda&#x27;s bar is excellent. Staff so freindly nothing is 2 much trouble. Food is excellent. We will defo come here again next time.
 Robert M — Google review 
 Where do I even begin, hands down one of the best bars in salou! Shelley is amazing never felt more welcomed to somewhere, the breakfasts, teas, Puddings everything is just amazing proper English grub!
Nothing was ever to much for the staff and our little ones loved it there,
Thank you so much for looking after us the last 2 weeks!
Hope to see you all again one day!💗💗
 Hannah M — Google review 
 Plaça d&#x27;Europa, 11, Local 3, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • +34 653 65 65 20 • Tips and more reviews for Linda&#x27;s Bar Restaurant 
 12 O Mar Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.4 ( 1517 ) 
 • 4.3 ( 758 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Seafood restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Rice restaurant
 This seafood restaurant is a popular spot with locals and tourists alike, serving up some delicious fresh seafood. The lobster, prawns and mussels cooked in a tomato sauce are particularly delicious, or try the famous seafood paella which is infused with fish broth and saffron. There&#x27;s also table service available so you can enjoy your meal in total comfort.
 Had an amazing dinner at this restaurant. They had a good selection of wines and some good fresh fish. One of the few places around here which also serves oysters. Do try their braised octopus with truffles. The servers were very nice and friendly.
 Gaurav R — Google review 
 The service at O Mar in Salou was disappointing—slow, inattentive, and overall lacking. The food was okay, but the menu is a bit confusing and not very informative. The oysters were definitely the highlight: fresh, large, and delicious, though only served with lemon and no other options.
Main dishes are basically just the protein—there’s no clear indication anywhere about what sides (if any) you can order. For the price point, you’d expect the langoustines and shrimp to be peeled and cleaned, but they weren’t. The shellfish utensils weren’t the most practical either, especially if you’re expected to eat the entire meal with your hands.
The tiramisu was mid—not bad, not great.
The atmosphere was also just not it. It has a fine dining aesthetic, but the attitude and execution feel careless.
For the price, the overall experience doesn’t align with the expectations.
 Kamla M — Google review 
 We went for lunch here. It was quiet but a wonderful break away with it&#x27;s cave decor. The staff were friendly and accomadating. The food was sublime. And perfectly cooked mussels and calamares. Forgot to take a photo of our paella as it was so tasty. And the coffee was beautifully rich. Thank you for a wonderful time.
 Jessica H — Google review 
 A very good restaurant. We ate there the black paella with scallops. Absolutely delicious. Service was good. For dessert we took the cheese cake and the tiramisu, the cheese cake was incredible, I highly recommend this place.
 Eilon A — Google review 
 Great Atmosphere, delicious food, large portions. impeccable presentation. really good service. one of the best restaurants I visited in Spain
 Anton ( — Google review 
 This restaurant isn&#x27;t just a dining spot; it&#x27;s a unique experience that surprises you with all the beautiful details, turning every visit into an unforgettable journey.
 Rami A — Google review 
 Pretty decent restaurant if you looking for good seafood. The meat dishes need improving. The tiramisu was good but the crema catalana was not creamy enough..
 D — Google review 
 Amazing restaurant, food delicious like fine dining restaurants, service very good, not to an expensive, very very good standard.
 Beata W — Google review 
 Carrer de Carles Buïgas, 29, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.omarrestaurant.com/ • +34 977 38 39 98 • Tips and more reviews for O Mar Restaurant 
 13 Castillo de Javier 
 Save 
 4.0 ( 1103 ) 
 • 4.0 ( 504 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$$ $ expensive 
 Restaurant
 Castillo de Javier is a health food restaurant that serves dishes from Navarra, Aragon and other parts of Spain. The restaurant has traditional Spanish cuisine with wines included. The food is delicious and the service is good.
 More, more, no more! An amazing food experience! What tastes, all dishes (espec. sauce)! I loved the simplicity of it, no flavor killing the other.
Good coffee and wine on top of that. Nice, lovely service- attentive and playful.
All I missed was a wet napkin for my fingers.
Just one small question - why the paper packaging?
 Ene R — Google review 
 From the moment we arrived, the service was absolutely top-notch – friendly, attentive, and genuinely lovely. The atmosphere was a little quiet (we were the only ones in at the time), but with great company and incredible food, it honestly didn’t matter.
Getting there was a bit of an adventure – the satnav took us to the rear of the restaurant, so we ended up walking all the way around the block before realising we could’ve just cut through to the entrance. But honestly? The walk was worth it – because what awaited us inside was nothing short of fantastic.
To start, I had the beef carpaccio – fresh, flavourful and beautifully presented – and my partner had a similar starter which was equally delicious. For mains, we tried the beef ravioli and the pork tenderloin – both were absolutely amazing, full of rich flavour and cooked perfectly.
Dessert was just as impressive – I went for the chocolate option (a dream), and my partner had the cheesecake, which was smooth, creamy and utterly moreish.
We loved it all so much we came back the very next day to sample more from the menu! This time I had the burrata starter and my partner had the prawn tagliatelle. For mains, I went with the sea bass – and wow, it was out of this world.
I honestly can’t remember every single thing we ordered, just that it was all divine. Every dish hit the mark, and the service was just as fantastic the second time around.
Would I recommend it? Absolutely – 10 out of 10. If you’re after a proper treat with food that delivers on every level, don’t hesitate.
On a side note: the toilets could do with some attention, there wasn’t a lock on one of the doors and the light didn’t work in another but this did not detract from the overall experience, I would highly recommend despite this.
 Rhiannon B — Google review 
 Amazing cuisine, very nice staff. Interior is a bit of lost in time, but the food is amazing with reasonable pricing.
If we ever return to Salou, we&#x27;ll definitely have a lunch or dinner there.
 Peti — Google review 
 Food was excellent. Service was good but do far to be professional. They didn&#x27;t want to change my fork after amishbush. This surprised me in place which pretend to be a fine dining restaurant. Plating is very simple, but have to admit very good taste of meal. Beside classical Catalan desserts there one which was absolutely anexpectable - crepe with forest strawberries. Suggest you to try. Suma sumárum - good place for dinner if you don&#x27;t care about amount to spend appropriate to dish presentation and service.
 Andrej H — Google review 
 Beautiful restaurant with food from Navarra, Aragon etc. A place to sit down and enjoy with your company. Traditional menu 25€, wine included. I will return.
 Mikaela — Google review 
 Please don’t go to this place. Expensive, not tasty and a bug in the plate… complete disaster
 Liza S — Google review 
 A must if in salou. Amazing from start to finish and quality 👏 ill let the photos do the talking. Highly recommend 👌
 Annmarie F — Google review 
 Amazing food and service.
* we went again for Christmas lunch on the 25th December and was incredible.
Thankyou
 JonnyLiddle1 — Google review 
 Carrer de Barbastre, 16, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://restaurante.covermanager.com/restaurante-cocteleria-cast … • +34 977 35 22 22 • Tips and more reviews for Castillo de Javier 
 14 Sunset St. 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 737 ) 
 • 4.6 ( 504 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $ $$$ cheap 
 Restaurant
 Hamburger restaurant
 Mexican restaurant
 Show 2 more 
 The restaurant Sunset St. is a Mediterranean, European, Spanish themed spot that serves up dinner, late night eats, and drinks. The eatery has outdoor seating and accepts Mastercard and Visa for payment. They also have free wifi and reservations are not necessary. The menu features dishes such as vegetarian options and gluten-free items.
 We stopped here on our way back to the beach and had a couple glasses of wine (white and red) which was great and dry just how we like it 😁. We also had wings, roasted peppers and potatoes and the food was delicious. Will definitely be back. 😍
 Bogdan B — Google review 
 We chose this place spontaneously, but we were very satisfied. The burger we ate was very tasty, the place itself quite cozy, and the service excellent with a very polite waiter. So, in terms of price and quality, it’s a great spot. We will definitely come back here again.
 Albertas N — Google review 
 Found after a local recommended it to us, great fresh food, plenty to choose from and everything was so fresh and tasty. Kids enjoyed their options and I would love to go back before going home
 Paul G — Google review 
 Amazing cocktails for €8 or €6 on a Monday. Great find
 Olivia E — Google review 
 Delicious food as always.
Great service.
Super tapas and different menu.
 Lorraine R — Google review 
 wonderful little restaurant with amazing food and great, friendly staff. absolutely excellent quality and service.
 Hanna D — Google review 
 A really nice and cozy place to have a drink, snacks and chat with a friend. Not versatile in the sense of food, but you wouldn&#x27;t expect it from a bar. Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is quite relaxing.
 Kateny — Google review 
 Amazing food, the best tacos I&#x27;ve ever had! And service is top 👌
 Erika M — Google review 
 local 4 49, Carrer de Barcelona, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://linktr.ee/Sunset.st • +34 640 53 51 32 • Tips and more reviews for Sunset St. 
 15 d&#x27;Albert 
 Save 
 3.9 ( 1389 ) 
 • 3.0 ( 500 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Italian restaurant
 Pizza restaurant
 Seafood restaurant
 D&#x27;Albert is a Mediterranean restaurant located in the seaside town of Atalaya, on Spain&#x27;s Costa del Sol. The restaurant features an extensive menu that includes both traditional and international dishes. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the staff are attentive and knowledgeable. The food is excellent, especially the octopus stew and the rack of lamb.
 I recently dined at this restaurant, and the place is obviously underrated. While the food was amazing, the service was a bit inconsistent. Paul was exceptionally kind🩷(thank you), but we waited over five minutes for help from other staff. Despite this, I highly recommend the place — the food was outstanding and definitely worth it!
 Svet — Google review 
 Very pleasantly surprised. Having eaten at the other end of Salou & overpaying for reheated frozen food, we thought we&#x27;d try the port. Attentive waiting staff & the food was very nice. The best bit? Such good value!
 Johnny A — Google review 
 d&#x27;Albert is on the &#x27;pier&#x27; next to the boat harbor and the beach/promenade. Some wait staff spoke English and menus included English. There is indoor and outdoor seating. Went for lunch and ordered the goat cheese and walnuts salad, grilled baby squid, and the monkfish souque with clams. The salad had a nice piece of fried goat cheese but lacked dressing and also contained some canned corn, which I think ruins anything. Asked for balsamic vinegar and olive oil which improved the salad, after picking out the corn. The baby squid was served plain with a wedge of lemon that was tasteless and chewy. The monkfish dish saved the overall experience. Large pieces of fish with a few small clams and sliced potatoes and a generous portion of tasty sauce. The monkfish was very good. A nice place to enjoy food and drinks sitting outside enjoying the day.
 J W — Google review 
 A positive surprise.
We have walked past it so far, but this time we decided to visit.
Nice restaurant with polite and professional service. We ordered black rice dish and house cheesecake and profiteroles.
All three dishes were delicious.
Cava was served at the right temperature.
And with all this, the price level was lower than in other restaurants of the same level.
Thank you for the positive emotion.
We recommend.
 Kodu V — Google review 
 Will not recommend to visit. Pictures in menue do not correspond to what you receive. Waiter said - we took picture from internet just to show....Terrible test, cold pizza
 Olga K — Google review 
 It&#x27;s not something you see everyday when a restaurant can specialize in both seafood and pizza, and still be quite decent.
🍕Very nice pizza with thin crust. Lots of options.
🍚 Ordered 2 paellas and they were both very good quality.
🍹Reasonably priced drinks. Recommend trying the Sangria.
🍰 Homemade desserts
🧑‍💼Was sometimes difficult to get the attention of the waiters, but nothing too crazy.
Overall a great dine in experience with fair prices to be so close to the beach.
 Esteban L — Google review 
 We visited this place as a part of the Gastro Tour. The dish served was amazing! Lovely combination and it was a great value. If we had a longer stay we would have returned to try some main dishes too.
 Tea — Google review 
 The place was empty but we presumed it was because it was just opening. The female member of staff was rude no smiles and barely spoke, but the male member was more friendly. Food was poor my daughter got 4 Prawns in her pasta my carbonara was tastless and my sons veal was to chewy, no one finished their meal. Drinks were strong so i can&#x27;t complain about that.
 Rebecca R — Google review 
 Edificio Miramar Puerto, s/n, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.dalbert.es/ • Tips and more reviews for d&#x27;Albert 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Get the app 
 16 EL TRASTO TABERNA 
 Save 
 4.3 ( 760 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 400 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Bar & grill
 Beer hall
 Show 4 more 
 Nestled next to Placa Europa, El Trasto Taberna is a charming gem in Salou that captures the essence of traditional Spanish dining. Despite its location near a busy road, this authentic tapas bar offers a delightful escape into the world of Catalan cuisine. Families will find comfort in their famous Catalan tomato bread, while food enthusiasts can indulge in an impressive array of local wines, cheeses, and artisan sausages sourced from both Catalonia and Castile.
 Our family had dinner here last night and we really loved it. The menu was perfect for us as it combined genuine tapas with pizzas/burger for the kids, something for everyone. Everything was extremely tasty, freshly prepared and served with a smile. The restaurant itself was spotlessly clean and atmospheric.
My young son left his shopping behind and when we returned for it, we were recognized straight away and the lady had kindly put it aside for us.
We would definitely recommend this restaurant and hope to return.
 Trish D — Google review 
 Seems like an authentic place, always a good sign when the locals come over to eat. The waitress was friendly and helpfull.
We ate some good things like the tortilla and the scampis in garlic. But some other things we ordered weren&#x27;t that great (like the marinated mussels). Not bad, but we&#x27;ve eaten better tapas in Spain. Maybe the only decent one in Salou...
 Dj F — Google review 
 Very good, authentic food. Small restaurant with locals showing up to chat with the owners. Felt a bit pricey for what we got, but it was definitely good!
 Mike F — Google review 
 Amazing authentic tapas with lovely staff.
My only issue was how long it took to get things and to get the bill.
The 2 ladies running were running round so much but they were so friendly. Perhaps 1 more person would help make this 5/5.
 Amie L — Google review 
 Lovely place with amazing food! We tried tapas, nachos, burgers, shrimps, pizza and desert. Everything was so tasty I even forgot to take fotos. 🤭
I would definitely recommend it!
 Ioana I — Google review 
 The best food and service in salou !! Went as a table of 6 with a dog , my parents stay here for 3 months a year and this was their favourite restaurant! We visited them for a week and came here twice it was so so good!! The two ladies serving were absolutely amazing and are such a credit to the restaurant, thank you both so much for being incredible! & the chef/ chefs create the most beautiful dishes!😋
 Niamh U — Google review 
 Excellent food, excellent service! Staff very friendly and welcoming! Absolutely delicious tapas 😋
 Sarah G — Google review 
 The best tapas that side of Salou. Really authentic place. We&#x27;ve been a few times over the years and enjoy it every time.
 Drew L — Google review 
 Carrer Autovia de Salou, 6, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://www.eltrastotaberna.com/ • +34 977 35 12 24 • Tips and more reviews for EL TRASTO TABERNA 
 17 La Piazza 
 Save 
 4.7 ( 1080 ) 
 • 4.6 ( 330 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Italian restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Pizza restaurant
 La Piazza is a charming Italian restaurant known for its simple yet delicious offerings such as pizza, pasta, and risotto. Guests can also enjoy stunning views from the roof terrace tables. The restaurant prides itself on offering gluten-free options for both pasta and dessert, making it an inclusive dining experience. Visitors have praised the exceptional quality of the food, with particular highlights being the outstanding pizza and delectable chocolate ice cream. The attentive service in English further enhances the overall dining experience.
 We arrived without reservation, but the staff managed to slot us in. Food arrived realtively quiclky and it was very nice. The ravioli was a bit small to what I expected, but still fulfilling. Quiet place. Would go again.
 Csongor V — Google review 
 Wow. This place is incredible; from the lovely waiters, to the high quality & good tasting food, this restaurant was so great that we came down 2 nights in a row!
We were seated right away, along with a complimentary bowl of fresh olives to snack on before our food came.
The quality & taste of our meal was excellent, cooked and seasoned to absolute perfection.
Highly recommend this gorgeous little restaurant.
 Zofia F — Google review 
 Best Pizza I found in Salou. Unfortunately we didn&#x27;t get to visit as much as I wanted. Pasta was also perfect, couldn&#x27;t find a fault. Highly recommend you visit as soon as you can.
 Phily M — Google review 
 Best restaurant in the area by far. I ate here 2 nights and once for lunch. Nice authentic restaurant. Menu not huge and over complicated, nice change from the usual ribs and chips on offer everywhere else.
Pizzas excellent, lasagne excellent, seafood risotto excellent. All very tasty and freshly made.
 D S — Google review 
 We were here often during our vacation, and if we stayed in Salou, this was the preferred place to go for food for us.
The pizza is definitely really tasty, as well as the service.
We have walked in once and reserved the other times, but waiting time is also not that long.
Price for 2: 60 Euros including drinks
 Vidushee S — Google review 
 I had dinner at La Piazza and it was really great! The carbonara was creamy and perfectly seasoned. The tiramisu literally melted in my mouth, and the wine? Just excellent. The staff were warm, professional, and super helpful. I love places like this — great food, no fuss, just good vibes.
 Konrad K — Google review 
 I had an absolutely fantastic experience at this pizzeria! The pizza was simply mouthwatering, with a perfect crust that was both crispy and tender. The toppings were fresh and generously piled on, making every bite a delight. The service was exceptional, with friendly and attentive staff who made us feel right at home. The cozy ambiance added to the overall charm of the place. I can&#x27;t wait to go back for another delicious slice of heaven!
 Leon — Google review 
 Amazing place with Italian food. During our two week stay in Salou (Cala Font location) we almost every day we’re coming to this place. It is absolutely fantastic. Literally everything we ordered were delicious. When our daughter was a bit sick we asked if it is possible to cook something lite for her and they did it. We were ordering take away food and it was done within 15-20 minutes. Their house wine and olives just amazing. This is the best Italian restaurant I’ve ever visited outside of Italy. I really want to thank everyone who is working there who significantly contributed some much to our holidays.
 Maksym K — Google review 
 Carrer de la Punta del Cavall, 5, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.lapiazzapizzeria.es/ • +34 977 37 00 78 • Tips and more reviews for La Piazza 
 18 Restaurant Las Brasas 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 1137 ) 
 • 4.3 ( 285 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Brasserie
 Catalonian restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Restaurant
 Restaurant Las Brasas is a cozy Catalan and Castilian restaurant located near Font Illuminosa. The place offers a varied menu, including paella as a starter and sirloin steak for the main course. The restaurant is known for its specialty steaks and has received high recommendations from visitors. With a great wine selection, fast and correct service, and an authentic Catalan atmosphere, it&#x27;s considered one of the best restaurants in Salou.
 One of my favorite restaurants at Salou, the barbecue here is without any doubt THE best!
 Carolina — Google review 
 The food was very good and tasty. We tried the beef and it was perfectly cooked. The staff was very friendly and nice. The setup of the restaurant is very romantic.
 Datcu A — Google review 
 Authentic Spanish food.
Party of 10 had various choices from the menu, all excellent.
Alicia really looked after us too.
 Alex B — Google review 
 Very nice place too eat, good food, mostly meat. Fast and correct service. Not deceptive price. I will back
 Romogi — Google review 
 When you walk in the door and immediately to your left is a meat counter. . . You know they know their food/prep and it&#x27;s gonna be good.
 Phill D — Google review 
 Totally fantastic, better than it was in it&#x27;s last place . ,
 Alan G — Google review 
 Great authentic Catalan restaurant with great food. Totally recommended it.!!!
 Zedrik S — Google review 
 Best of the Best in Salou. Take no chances at the shore side restaurants!
 Максим Р — Google review 
 Via Augusta, 32, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.lasbrasassalou.com/ • +34 671 05 96 96 • Tips and more reviews for Restaurant Las Brasas 
 19 WISSLER // Salou 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 275 ) 
 • 4.8 ( 260 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Permanently Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 American restaurant
 Bar
 Show 5 more 
 WISSLER in Salou is a must-visit for burger enthusiasts seeking a delightful dining experience. This restaurant prides itself on serving high-quality fast food, featuring an extensive menu of mouthwatering burgers crafted from fresh ingredients. With options catering to various dietary needs, including gluten-free and vegetarian choices, as well as a special children&#x27;s menu, there&#x27;s something for everyone. Beyond just delicious meals, WISSLER aims to enhance your visit to Salou by providing insights into the local attractions.
 We had the best dining experience here throughout our 7 night stay in Salou. Excellent food, friendly waitress (Cally) and a chilled vibe. It was so good, we forgot to photo the food!
We visited on a fairly quiet evening, so there was only one waiting staff working called Cally, she was amazing! She was very friendly and attentive, making sure we were ok for drinks and had everything we needed.
The place itself is lovely and definitely passes the vibe check. Dimly lit, relaxing music not too loud so you can&#x27;t hear one another. Tucked away in a quiet corner of Salou.
As for the food, it was delicious. I&#x27;m a burger fan, I love my burgers. This was on par with the best of them. Kind of similar to Gourmet Burger Kitchen back in the UK - but much nicer. I got the &#x27;Nasty&#x27; burger and there was nothing nasty about it. Super juicy on a soft seeded brioche roll. You can tell fresh ingredients are being used which sets Wissler apart from most of the takeaway style food places nearby. The Loaded fries were also very nice.
There was a great selection of drinks available and up to 9pm you can order a bucket of 5 beers for 10 Euro. I drank the Ambar IPA which was a tasty beer and cost 4.90 Euro - fair price for a decent beer.
I strongly recommend visiting Wissler. The food is great, reasonable prices and a lovely relaxed vibe. And especially if Cally is working, you&#x27;re in for a treat!
 Benjamin D — Google review 
 Antonio was an amazing host. Very attentive to our allergy requirements. We enjoyed very juicy gluten-free burgers with actual gluten free buns. The buns were moist and chewy in a good way. The patty was very juicy. One of the better burgers we have had in spain. The Ambar sin gluten beer was amazing too. Thanks for the recommendations and the great dinner Antonio.
 Paul S — Google review 
 Although the girl was friendly, she must be very new to the job, we had to ask for drinks as she was taking the food order, food arrived, we were the only people in the place, starters took about 20 min to arrive, I suppose the good thing is it has to be freshly made.
We had to go find the waitress and ask for knives and forks for us to eat, and even then still no napkins.
Wasn&#x27;t pleasent would not return
Two starters, 1 chip, 1 cola, 1 sparkling water and a orange juice €42 ridiculous to be honest.
 Debragh K — Google review 
 Absolutely gorgeous burger really tasty and succulent. Friendly waiter and lovely atmosphere, very accomodating with our very busy toddler. We both had the I love cheese and onions with the loaded fries which we both really enjoyed.
 Rachel R — Google review 
 We had the cheese and onion burger and bbq pulled pork burger with sweet potato fries. Everything was amazing, the gentleman serving was great for recommendations when we were unsure of what to order and extremely attentive and friendly. Wouldn&#x27;t hesitate to come back, best burgers and fries in Salou!
 Han M — Google review 
 Relaxed atmosphere, much more calm than the restaurants on the main strip. Server was really friendly and welcoming, and the Mexican and Cheese & Onion burgers were delicious too. Highly recommend!
 Amy I — Google review 
 We went to this venue to watch the F1 and also have a meal, the restaurant was extremely high end for the price you pay, there was numerous TV’s so anyone from any seat can watch the F1, the food was unbelievable, the nicest burger I have ever eaten, and the staff members were unbelievably welcoming and inquisitive, the prices are amazing for the quality of food, the restaurant has a nice breeze when it is otherwise too hot to sit and relax, and the options are very vast in regards to drinks and food, I would definitely recommend this place for anyone who wants to relax and watch sports whilst enjoying a good value high quality meal.
 Saul X — Google review 
 Tasty food, and friendly staff! We had the I Love Spicy Chicken and the I Love Cheese and Onion. Both were really good! We had been to the La Pineda one before and really enjoyed it. The Salou one was great too!
 David L — Google review 
 Carrer de Murillo, 5, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://www.wissler-spain.com/ • +34 679 60 03 83 • Tips and more reviews for WISSLER // Salou 
 20 Restaurant Sakura 
 Save 
 4.1 ( 1085 ) 
 • 3.5 ( 209 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Japanese restaurant
 Restaurant
 Sushi restaurant
 On 07/08/2022, we had a pleasant dining experience at Restaurant Sakura. The food was delicious and the service was excellent, with quick service even on a busy Friday night. However, there was an unfortunate incident where we were almost asked to leave because we brought our scooters inside. The staff seemed concerned about potential inconvenience caused by the scooters in the restaurant, despite there already being two similar scooters present.
 Fantastic food and service, nothing was too much. Sake was not on the drinks menu but when we asked they were very happy to supply. Amazing food and value for money!
 Lilmouse1988 — Google review 
 Food is amazing. Everything was so good, food is cooked on front of you. And comes out quickly.
 Emma C — Google review 
 Best Asian restaurant ever! Sushi tastes like real Japan delicious food, kind service, and fair prices.
 VadimLeaf — Google review 
 If I could put 0 stars I would! Absolutely terrible! The colour of the duck was off and the prawns came with sand! I highly don’t recommend this place! Very expensive for what it is! The egg looked off as well. Look at the photos
 Maria M — Google review 
 Best japanese food that I have ever tried! Need to know the recipe for that thick katsu sauce, it was unforgettable!!
 Sofija V — Google review 
 Had a lovely dinner with my partner there. Buffet was great and so was the service! The owner and his family were very attentive and caring. Left the place happy and with a few extra kilos.
P.S. surprised to read complaints about pricing, the place is very inexpensive, considering the amount you can eat!
 Ekaterina K — Google review 
 Went in expecting a self service style buffet, but that’s not what this. There is a menu, and you can order as many times as you like. Each item is numbered so you just write down what you want and they cook it there and then. You can see the chef cook the food just across the room.
We started with five starters between the two of us and then had a selection of mains and sushi which we mostly shared.
All the food was at least good, some of it was very good (especially the buttered chicken).
Service was fast and efficient.
Overall, very happy and it’s a change from a lot of the British/American food that seems to be popular with tourists in Salou.
 Wayne D — Google review 
 Amazing experience! Well deserved 5 star review. Great food and fast service. Cheap priced and shout out to the wonderful chef and server and its loving smile. Your son (?) showed professional cooking skills and tasted delicious! Would totally recommend! 🙌🍣🍤
 Gert P — Google review 
 Carrer de Barbastre, 13, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://sakurasalou.com/ • +34 977 35 18 68 • Tips and more reviews for Restaurant Sakura 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Get the app 
 21 Famous Daves 
 Save 
 4.8 ( 2056 ) 
 • 4.7 ( 200 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Fast food restaurant
 If you&#x27;re looking for a vibrant dining spot in Salou, Famous Daves is the perfect choice for families and friends alike. Renowned for its lively atmosphere and delicious American cuisine, this eatery offers a menu filled with classic favorites like juicy hamburgers, hot dogs, and crispy French fries—all at wallet-friendly prices. Guests rave about the generous portion sizes and the friendly staff who go above and beyond to ensure an enjoyable experience.
 The hamburgers were truly exceptional, with the juicy beef patties being our absolute favorites. They were cooked to perfection, bursting with flavor in every bite. The chicken fried options, while interesting, were a bit too oily for our taste. The fries, however, were delightful—crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, complementing the burgers wonderfully. To top it all off, the desserts were simply divine, each one a sweet masterpiece that left us craving more.
 Mayra R — Google review 
 Came for beers a couple of nights and food once. The staff are really friendly and efficient. The food is great, good quality, tasty, as well as being reasonably priced. The beer is good, too. Restaurant is very nice inside but it was too nice weather to pass up on the outside seating. If we are in Salou, we will be back.
 Andy H — Google review 
 Such a fantastic night here food very nice atmosphere nice and chill. Staff are very welcoming. When we arrived we was greeted at the door and table all set with a highchair with out asking.
Food was very good and nice and fresh
Desert was amazing
The call button system on the tables was a new thing for me but worked very well with out that awkward hand wave for the bill or more drinks.
 Harry W — Google review 
 Other place was quite full on a Saturday night so we went to this place and made a last minute reservations! Excellent smash burgers! Highly recommend! We also had desert and it was delicious!
 Kay Y — Google review 
 One of the best, if not the best burger I have ever had!! It tasted amazing and the bun was so fluffy! couldn’t have asked for more and would definitely return if we lived here!! Staff were friendly and helpful! It’s a must visit for sure :))
 Charlotte S — Google review 
 Sister location to roadhouse. Ordered the smokey smash burger and was not dissapointed. Staff were friendly and helpful. Service was very quick and food was delicious. Definitely glad we found famous daves.
 Jason W — Google review 
 Really good smash burgers. Staff very friendly and service was superb. Lotus cheese cake was amazing too. And they also do a great cappuccino
 James — Google review 
 Food was excellent, staff were very welcoming and attentive to our needs. Would highly recommend, look forward to coming back.
 Kevin — Google review 
 Via Roma, 28, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.roadhousegroup.es/ • +34 977 00 77 51 • Tips and more reviews for Famous Daves 
 22 Metropolitan cafe salou 
 Save 
 4.2 ( 616 ) 
 • 3.9 ( 184 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Brasserie
 Romanian restaurant
 Metropolitan Cafe Salou is a delightful dining destination that perfectly balances quality and affordability. With a menu crafted by Chef George Manea, it offers an enticing mix of Mediterranean cuisine, steakhouse favorites, and Italian classics like pizzas. Families will feel right at home here; the warm hospitality from staff members like Joanna creates a welcoming atmosphere. Guests rave about the homemade dishes, especially the traditional paella, which has received high praise for its flavor and presentation.
 What a way to end the family trip than with a beautiful meal at metropolitan. I was first greeted by the beautiful Joanna the best host ever!! She made my family and I feel welcomed she offered me a drink on the house which was a lovely sangria ☺️ we ordered the food and had a feast. Homemade cooked food with that family feel.. all of the wait staff were accommodating and really great with kids.. definitely recommend the dessert also delicious 10/10 😋
 Ericka M — Google review 
 It&#x27;s 2 stars instead of 1 due to the nice lady who talked us through the menus, me and my daughter got pizza, they hardly had any toppings on and was burnt to a crisp plus a portion of chips that were cold, could only eat the very centre without breaking our teeth.
My wife had a chicken dish which was ok, cost nearly €65 with one drink each. Not Good, might have caught the chef on a bad day but not good.
 Steven P — Google review 
 Such a special place , myself and my husband celebrating wedding anniversary , we were approached by this lovely Romanian lady that convinced us that the paella is delicious . Cocktails were fantastic and the paella was absolutely delicious. We will definitely return .
 Claudia P — Google review 
 Fantastic food for great value, recommend the tapas options especially the garlic prawns and fried anchovies! Servers are friendly and smiley and Joanna on front of house has some great good recommendations. Have been here several times in the past 12 months and it&#x27;s fantastic every time.
 Chloe D — Google review 
 One of the best breakfasts I&#x27;ve had in a very long time. The portion was large. Great value for money and an amazing location as well.
 Neville P — Google review 
 What a find! We wanted a good traditional paella, we liked the look of the food here so decided to give it a try! The food was absolutely phenomenal, well presented, service was impeccable & the paella itself was divine!
Comming back for our last night too!
Great place!
 Tarnya A — Google review 
 The food here was very nice. I ordered the charcoal grilled chicken breast (served with chips and salad), a side of mushroom sauce (which was bloody delish!), and a banana split.
The football was on which seemed to make the service pretty slow. I got very bored waiting for someone to signal the &#x27;cheque please&#x27; sign to. I managed after 30min and 2x goals.
 Jo T — Google review 
 We had dinner here on the 4th September 2014.
Place wasn’t busy service was good food was as described. I ordered entrecôte steak medium and that’s what they served. I normally like my steak medium rare but in Spain sometimes that can be blue.
I would eat here again if we had more time.
 Rob I — Google review 
 Carrer de Valls, 16, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://metropolitansalou.com/ • +34 665 32 73 71 • Tips and more reviews for Metropolitan cafe salou 
 23 Carbònic Restaurant | Steakhouse 
 Save 
 4.6 ( 1729 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 170 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Grill
 Cocktail bar
 Show 2 more 
 Carbònic Restaurant | Steakhouse Salou offers a delightful dining experience in the heart of Salou, just minutes away from the sea. The restaurant boasts a beautiful interior and a positive atmosphere, complemented by attentive and friendly staff. The extensive wine selection is an added bonus, with reasonable prices for quality bottles like Rioja. When it comes to food, every dish has a unique touch and is full of flavor.
 The Best Restaurant of Salou zone, Quality and Prices! All the team works really well, specially Mari, Raquel, Albert and Perla, Nice team! I really recommend this place to enjoy a great evening with food quality, wines and the most important to me, The cocktail’s!!!
 Léo F — Google review 
 Service was quick and friendly, no complaints there. I asked for medium rare steak and it was definitely medium+ Myself and my daughter struggled to eat the meat, we did not enjoy the food. The lettuce and onion side came covered in dressing, no need at all for dressing, the fries were also oily and the steak was salty on top of being overcooked for what was requested. Lettuce and onion taste fine on their own, there is no need to dress.
Edit: The steak came precut by the chef, the chef would have been able to see that it was not medium rare. I don&#x27;t like waste so I did not want to send it back. It should of came out the way I requested it.
The onion and lettuce side listed on the menu did not mention a dressing, if it had stated it on the menu I would have said hold the dressing please.
The restaurant and staff are lovely, but, for what seems like a high scale restaurant, I would expect my steak cooked the way I requested without having to send it back. Thank you.
 Donna — Google review 
 Food was great, we got a reserve last minute and we were seated pretty fast, even if it was quite late. The atmosphere was good and the ambient was moderately loud, we could talk perfectly without raising our voice.
We got the steak, the red peppers and the eggplant, and it was delicious. It&#x27;s not super cheap, but it&#x27;s also not expensive at all. We recommend this place 100% and we would love to come back
 Elena A — Google review 
 Excellent quality food!
We had the prawn croquettes and tomato with olive oil and salt bread to start which both very nice. The bread was very refreshing.
For mains we both got fillet steaks which were cooked to perfection and tasted amazing!
For side we had mash potato and padron peppers. Now just be careful with the peppers as I asked what they were and I was told green peppers. Now technically this was true but they were actually green chilli peppers so my mouth got a shock. Fortunately I like spice so enjoyed those too.
For desert we got chocolate brownie and ice cream. I needed the ice cream to cool down my tongue from the peppers 🤣
For drinks we had a lovely bottle of red wine and a pornstar martini
This restaurant is definitly more fine dining than many around, the food the best we have had so far in cambrils and the bill the highest at €120 but was worth every penny.
Great atmosphere too with nice decor, music and the kitchen is open so you can see the cooking going on.
Highly recommend
 Danny T — Google review 
 We’ve been coming to Salou for the last few years and always ensure we visit our favourite, Carbonic! We had a lovely meal - highly recommend the sea bass. The peppers are unreal and we talk about them all the time at home. The mash is also so smooth!
Florin made us feel so welcome and ensured we had everything we needed to have a great evening.
 George N — Google review 
 Ended up here by chance. Another restaurant we wanted to visit was closed. I’m so glad the placed was closed because this restaurant ended up being of the best we visited on our week stay in Salou.
We ended up trying the muscles starter, burger and the wagyu beef.
I would recommend a reservation but we were lucky to get in without a wait.
 Matt S — Google review 
 Lovely here! Really amazing steak. Love that you can choose what sides to have. Just a warning, what they call French fries I call chips. The bartender came over and explained the cocktails and help me find one I’d like. Lovely service!
 Paige C — Google review 
 This was one of, if not the, best meal I&#x27;ve ever had. The server was really kind and patient as we do not speak fluent Spanish. She made a great recommendation for the meal on wine and never bothered us excessively. The food came out timely and tasted fantastic. There&#x27;s also a great view of the kitchen area that we enjoyed.
 PJ S — Google review 
 Carrer Major, 55, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://carbonicrestaurant.com/ • +34 977 07 59 61 • Tips and more reviews for Carbònic Restaurant | Steakhouse 
 24 Rio Grande Bar-Restaurant 
 Save 
 4.6 ( 74 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 84 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Bar
 Rio Grande Bar-Restaurant is a cozy and welcoming spot located conveniently near the beach. The prices are unbeatable, with beer priced at 1.80 and delicious snacks available. The owner and staff are super friendly, creating a pleasant atmosphere that feels like a neighborhood bar despite being in the tourist center. Visitors highly recommend trying their super delicious sangria and enjoying an evening drink there.
 A pleasant place, close to the beach.
The owner is very welcoming.
We served here the best sangria.
I highly reccomend it!
 Sprânceană C — Google review 
 very nice owner, cheap prices and nice terrace- would definitely come here again
 Philipp M — Google review 
 Cosy place with regional beer and other alcohols. Highly recommend for an evening drink. Super nice bartender!
 Aleksandra Ś — Google review 
 Worst meal in Spain in a week. Beef is just like sole. Slow service. Gaspacho soup was ok.
 Igor S — Google review 
 Very chilled.
 Mireille H — Google review 
 (Translated by Google) Great, super good price as always, my family loves it. Every year they come to think of this bar. Great beers and attention from all the waiters. A 10. Excellent quality-price ratio. I recommend it
(Original)
Genial , súper bien de precio como siempre, a mi familia le encanta. Todos los años vienen pensando en este bar. Genial las cervezas y la atención de todos los camareros. Un 10. Excelente relación calidad - precio. Lo recomiendo
 ENCARNI S — Google review 
 (Translated by Google) To begin with, the treatment received was completely unpleasant. The food, as you can see, contained boiled eggshells. When we filed a complaint, we were informed that the sandwich would not be charged, as if that weren&#x27;t the minimum requirement. Furthermore, when we showed the sandwich, they tried to justify the incident by calling it a simple mistake.
(Original)
Para empezar, el trato recibido ha sido totalmente desagradable. La comida, como puede apreciarse, contenía cáscara de huevo hervido. Al presentar la reclamación, se nos informó de que el bocadillo no sería cobrado, como si ello no fuera lo mínimo exigible. Además, al mostrar el bocadillo, se intentó justificar el hecho calificándolo como un simple error.
 Idaira G — Google review 
 (Translated by Google) Very helpful and friendly people. Just reopened in March under new ownership. Spanish people also come here, so it&#x27;s good for the locals too. Delicious coffee. Nice breakfast. Delicious, cheap drinks. And just ordered a pizza. We come here every day before going to the beach and sometimes stay in the evening.
(Original)
Zeer behulpzame en aardige mensen. Net sinds maart opnieuw geopend een nieuwe eigenaar. Er komen ook spaanse mensen dus het is ook voor de lokale bevolking goed. Heerlijk kop koffie. Lekker ontbijtje. Heerlijk goedkoop drankje. En net pizza besteld. We komen hier elke dag voor we naar het strand gaan en blijven s&#x27;avonds wel eens hangen.
 Danielle B — Google review 
 Carrer d&#x27;AmpostaN, 3, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • +34 659 14 50 00 • Tips and more reviews for Rio Grande Bar-Restaurant 
 25 Sama Sama Veggie -Brunch&Restaurant- 
 Save 
 4.8 ( 920 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 46 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Vegetarian restaurant
 Cafeteria
 Restaurant
 Sama Sama Veggie is a popular vegan restaurant in Salou, situated near the old Carrilet Train monument. This gastro cafe caters to those who enjoy healthy and plant-based cuisine. Their menu features a variety of vegan dishes and tapas, including vegetable burgers, burritos, crispy chicken alternatives, as well as vegan cheeses and plant-based bacon. The restaurant offers a relaxed atmosphere with friendly staff and an extensive menu selection for both lunch and dinner.
 We loved this place! Lovely little cafe with lots of veggie & vegan options. We found something for the whole family to enjoy. Friendly service, fresh, healthy and beautifully presented food. The only shame is we found this place on the last day of our holiday. Would definitely come back.
 Sarah F — Google review 
 We visited here this morning for the first time- 5 stars for everything, atmosphere and staff are very friendly, food is presented amazing and tastes just as good- you scan a code and you get the menu on your phone very clear details and all allergies listed and prices. The chai latte and Oreo shake were both very fresh and tasty and the food comes in good portion. Would recommend for brunch. 10/10
 Izzy A — Google review 
 Wow. Anything I say about this place will not accurately describe how incredible of an experience it really was. This place gives me hope for the future. The meat consumption industry will not be able to ignore or keep up with places like this. Simply incredible. My nervous system has never felt so regulated. The atmosphere this place created was so serene and peaceful. If the whole world was like this restaurant the world would be a much brighter and happier place. I believe the owner served us and she was one of the nicest sweetest people I’ve ever met. This is what veganism allows for and produces. 10/10. Thank you 🙏 a little slice of heaven in the midst of a chaotic world.
 Sam S — Google review 
 Great food, chilled atmosphere and good service. We have been for breakfast and for evening meals several times and are slowly working our way through the menu. Normally, we would try different places but the food is so good that we have been back repeatedly and intend to go back again. We would recommend you give it a go.
 Andy H — Google review 
 For 2 years now, an annual stop during our holidays in Salou. Friendly service. Clean toilet. Wide choice of vegetarian meals. Both wide choice of breakfast, brunch and lunch. This time stopped for our 4 o&#x27;clock snack: a chai latte with carrot cake. very tasty. the cake was dry in the counter, but if you order it they finish it nicely with a delicious cream and crunchy nuts. It was very tasty again. 😋 Acquaintances of ours had the natchos and the chocolate cake there and they were also very well received. Definitely recommended and for us this will remain a regular stop 👍
 Lizzy S — Google review 
 This place was a great find. Researched this beforehand otherwise we wouldn&#x27;t have found it. Quiet place but the food was lovely.
 Karen J — Google review 
 Very nice vegetarian/vegan restaurant. The menu offers lots of different foods: burger, bowls, Mexican or even Asian influenced dishes. There is something for everyone.
We had a burrito and a Ceasar salad that we liked. The staff is very nice and the restaurant itself with a boho beach vibe really cute. Prices were alright.
 Anna T — Google review 
 Really yummy vegan food. Fab service and incredibly good value. Lovely atmosphere and decor as well. So glad we found it, but sad we found it too late into our holiday!
 Sarah M — Google review 
 Carrer d&#x27;Aragó, 8, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • https://www.samasamasalou.es/ • +34 640 65 24 64 • Tips and more reviews for Sama Sama Veggie -Brunch&Restaurant- 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Start planning 
 Learn more 
 Create your ultimate travel itinerary
 Plan your itinerary, find lodging, and import reservations — all in one app.
 Get the app 
 26 Gula Salou 
 Save 
 4.7 ( 2846 ) 
 • 3.5 ( 42 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Temporarily Closed
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Bar & grill
 Discovered while exploring Salou one evening, Gula Salou is a restaurant renowned for its flame-grilled meats. Although the service was somewhat chaotic due to the entire staff bustling about, there was an extensive and appealing cocktail menu. Unfortunately, securing attention from the wait staff after being served proved challenging, resulting in forgoing cocktails and opting for a glass of water instead.
 Gula Salou is a fantastic spot in the heart of Salou! The food is delicious—especially the BBQ ribs and chicken skewers—and the portions are generous. The atmosphere is fun and welcoming, and the XXL cocktails are a must-try. Service is friendly and overall, it&#x27;s a great place to enjoy a relaxed meal.
 Schaefer F — Google review 
 Gula Bar in Salou is an absolute must visit! Even from outside you&#x27;re greeted by truly beautiful decor that creates such a fantastic atmosphere. They have these incredible "woven egg" pods that you can sit in, which are just so unique and comfortable. Just perfect for a relaxed evening.
They do some genuinely incredible cocktails! Each one is a work of art and tastes even better.
What&#x27;s more, even the toilets are beautiful, which honestly just speaks volumes about the attention to detail throughout the whole place.
The whole upstairs area is incredibly well presented. Just stunning!
To top it all off, the staff are super friendly and welcoming. They make you feel right at home. If you&#x27;re in Salou, definitely make a stop at Gula Bar for an amazing experience!
 Fi — Google review 
 A++ Food couldn&#x27;t be faulted. Got the 1.4kgs of ribs, with chips, onion rings and 4 drinks [includes beer and soft drinks]. Was a sign outside with an offer for the lot for only €39.90, which it was worth every penny of. The ribs came in 7 different flavours to choose from, in which I opted for the Salsa Diavolo and BBQ. They were both unreal, with the BBQ taking the crown. The ribs had plenty of meat on them and were really high quality, the chips were really crispy and the onion rings were very tasty. I tried one of their watermelon mojitos a few evenings before, which were only €6 each and it was also delicious. The staff were extremely accomadating and friendly. Would highly recommend to anyone looking great value for money and especially for families looking a good deal on a quality meal. This would easily feed a family of 4 or 5, with the option of 2 beers and 2 soft drinks included in the price.
 Jamie M — Google review 
 I had the ribs here and they were absolutely delicious ,tender, juicy, and packed with flavour! The portion size was generous, definitely great value for money. The service was also excellent, friendly, quick, and attentive from start to finish. Highly recommend for anyone who loves good food and great hospitality!🔥
 Gail — Google review 
 Great aesthetic and vibe, we had two cocktails, they were good, prices okay for location. Service was very slow, not great after hollering us in (I planned on visiting here anyway) but to holler us in to have us waiting for 30mins for a drink -2 stars. Worth a visit if it isn’t busy.
 Luca W — Google review 
 The decor inside is gorgeous! The cocktails are really nice and come with a little pot of sweets. The food is really nice, the service is a bit slow sometimes but they are always busy so it’s understandable. Staff are friendly though. The milkshakes are amazing too basically a dessert!
 Sophie N — Google review 
 The best mojito I’ve ever had! The waiter was very friendly and welcoming. We have recommended this bar to a family we have met in our hotel so they will be coming during their stay. A lady came round offering free balloon modelling and face paint too which was a nice added touch. We would definitely return and try the food next time also !!
 Lauren M — Google review 
 Very aesthetic place, had such a lovely experience thanks to ALI!!He was kind, professional, very attentive and made sure everything was perfect during my visit. His friendly attitude and attention to detail really stood out. Thank you, Ali, for the amazing service. you made my day!
 Ahlam O — Google review 
 Carrer de Bilbao, 6, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.blauboat.com/ • +34 977 01 22 33 • Tips and more reviews for Gula Salou 
 27 Brown Bear Salou 
 Save 
 4.5 ( 6 ) 
 • 4.0 ( 33 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Restaurant
 Brown Bear Salou is a cozy restaurant located near the beachfront, at the split of the road to Ciutat Brusel·les. The staff is known for being super welcoming and they serve great cocktails and incredible meals. It&#x27;s a warm and inviting place with good value for money. Guests can enjoy meat, beer, and even soup in this amazing spot.
 (Translated by Google) Super welcoming staff, always great cocktails and a truly incredible meal. Great value for money and very welcoming restaurant.
(Original)
Personnel super accueillant, cocktail toujours au top et repas vraiment incroyable. Super rapport qualité prix et restaurant très chaleureux.
 Emma J — Google review 
 (Translated by Google) Amazingly cozy place! Sit down, eat meat, drink beer! There is soup and everything that I personally missed)))
(Original)
Потрясающе уютное место! Посидеть поесть мяска, попить пивка! Здесь есть суп и все то, о чем лично я скучал)))
 Sergey S — Google review 
 (Translated by Google) It&#x27;s very good, but if they give you a room with a view of a roof with an abandoned mattress, wow, that&#x27;s what happened to me, horrible.
(Original)
Esta muy bien, pero como te den una habitación con vistas a un tejado con un colchón abandonado puaf, que es lo que me a pasado a mí horrible
 Isabel M — Google review 
 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • +34 600 89 47 91 • Tips and more reviews for Brown Bear Salou 
 28 Mrkt - Showcooking restaurant 
 Save 
 4.8 ( 631 ) 
 • 5.0 ( 28 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $$ $$ affordable 
 Restaurant
 Mrkt - Showcooking restaurant is a culinary gem that invites diners to experience the art of cooking up close. With an open kitchen concept, guests can watch as renowned chef Edu Cuesta and his dedicated team prepare delightful breakfasts, set menus, tapas, and dinners using only the finest locally-sourced ingredients. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, making it easy to relax while enjoying exceptional service that feels personal and attentive.
 Having been in Salou for 3 nights and craving some local quality food we discovered this amazing restaurant. From the second you walk in the door you know this is special as the service you receive is 10/10 and you soak up the relaxing atmosphere thanks to the owners and their staff.
The food is on another level every time serving up different menus of Michelin quality. There tapas to there mains are all bursting with fresh flavours.
Thank you for making our stay in Salou so memorable and keeping our belly’s happy.
 Alan C — Google review 
 It is a real food experience. No posh fancy place, just a decent looking interior with a good atmosphere not distracting from the food.
The food itself, the presentation, taste, texture and quality ingredients is perfect. And the price-wise, honestly I expected a much higher bill for what we got there.
 Vladimir B — Google review 
 Great service, food and environment. 100% recommended
 Anna P — Google review 
 Fantastic culinary experience. Food, service and wine were all wonderful. Blown away by the flavours of food. Edu looked after us so well.
 Elaine C — Google review 
 It was an amazing experience. Honest products without being processed. Really good atmosphere and everyone who is working there shares an enormous passion for food.
 Justine P — Google review 
 Local modern cuisine. Very tasteful. Only menu in Spanish, but with a very helpful English speaking waiter it was a huge success. Highly recommend.
 Jens L — Google review 
 100% recommended!
The setting and “decor” is done with taste and elegance!
Food is very good and you can see the food been prepared in the kitchen.
A real gastro bar which could compete for the Red Michelin guide!
 Olivier S — Google review 
 Best customer service ever. Excellent food and good prices. I definitely recommend to visit this restaurant.
 Eder G — Google review 
 Carrer del Francolí, 8, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • http://www.gastrobarmrkt.com/ • +34 608 51 36 89 • Tips and more reviews for Mrkt - Showcooking restaurant 
 29 Restaurant El Aljibe 
 Save 
 4.6 ( 279 ) 
 • 4.5 ( 9 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 $ $$$ cheap 
 Restaurant
 Mediterranean restaurant
 Restaurante El Aljibe is a family-owned establishment that prides itself on serving traditional homemade cuisine using fresh ingredients from their garden and the local market. Their menu changes regularly, offering a variety of tapas, fish and meat dishes, paellas, and local specialties like snails in a tin and seasonal calcotadas. Visitors have praised the warm hospitality of Marisa and Jose Maria, who ensure a delightful dining experience with delicious food made to order.
 I had an amazing experience with excellent service and delicious food. I am especially grateful to the kind lady in the kitchen who, despite my special requests due to pregnancy and diet restrictions, prepared the meal just for me. It was simple but it turned out to be the best dish I have had all week! Thank you so much for the outstanding food and exceptional service. Best regards.
 Monika B — Google review 
 All the food we ordered was incredibly tasty. The octopus and paella stood out as our favorites. The dessert was just as impressive — we ordered crème brûlée and it was gone in seconds.
The staff were very friendly, and even though we don’t speak Spanish, we were still able to connect and communicate. A translation app on our phone served as a helpful bridge.
 Anna T — Google review 
 Just a street away from the beach. This is excellent traditional Catalan food. Not tourist. Local. We&#x27;ve been several times. Today 3 courses with wine €25pp. The owner is the chef and comes out to say hello.
 Kevin M — Google review 
 I went for Sunday lunch with my daughter. Her pasta was excellent. Spaghetti with a fresh tomato sauce. I had mussels and fish soup with rice. Very tasty. It is in a square with a playground in the middle so she played whilst waiting. Overall excellent food and good value. Just 50m from the sea but a very different experience as peaceful and local.
 Paul S — Google review 
 We were lucky to stumble upon this place. Waiter was very nice and menu of the day had enough variants so all of us just chose to take that. It had large appetizer, tasty mains and good desserts. I would recommend The Crema Catalana, which was superb. Wine or water + bread included.
 Joonas I — Google review 
 Spanish restaurant, family run. Don&#x27;t speak English but they did their best to look after us. Some of the best gambas and Chipirones I&#x27;ve had. Will be back to try paella 🥘
 Anthony P — Google review 
 Really delicious - excellent value for money. €25 for the daily menu (large starter, main course, dessert, plus wine or water). Super friendly! Gracias!
 Jennifer H — Google review 
 We visited yesterday, an amazing find to stumble across. The lady who served us was lovely, and was happy to translate everything on the menu for us through my phone! The food was very tasty, and the price was unbelievable for the amount we had. Would definitely recommend.
 Victoria — Google review 
 Plaça de la Província, 8, 43840 Salou, Tarragona, Spain • +34 977 38 46 21 • Tips and more reviews for Restaurant El Aljibe 
 30 MEM Pizzería Italiana 
 Save 
 4.8 ( 323 ) 
 • Mentioned on   1 list   
 Pizza restaurant
 MEM Pizzería Italiana is a delightful culinary spot that captures the essence of Italian dining in a cozy atmosphere. The restaurant, run by the charming Paolo, exudes warmth and friendliness, making every guest feel at home. Patrons rave about the delicious pizzas with perfectly crafted dough and secret tomato sauce, as well as mouthwatering burgers and lasagna options. A standout feature is their homemade tiramisu, which many describe as simply divine.
 We liked the atmosphere, it has a relaxed feel to it. There are enough options of food, everyone should be able to find somerhing to their liking. We had one pizza and two different Burgers, all very delicious and you could tell it was freshly made. I highly recommend the homemade tiramisu! 😄
The staff was really nice, friendly and attentive.
We will eat there again ☺️
 3TCG — Google review 
 The pizza was delicious! They could add extra ingredients to our order and the service was very good. The lasagna is also good. I really recommend
 J B — Google review 
 Excellent Italian restaurant in Salou! 🍕 The pizzas are truly delicious, with a light dough and high-quality ingredients. The service is great, and the owner is very charismatic — he speaks several languages and makes everyone feel welcome. Coffee is also excellent. Cozy and authentic atmosphere — definitely worth a visit!
Grazie mille e arrivederci! 🇮🇹
 Vlad M — Google review 
 Great pizzeria, nice staff, pizza is very tasty (fits into my world&#x27;s pizza Top10 ranking)!
Atmosphere is great, including the music selection (classic rock). Highly recommend it!
 Szabó L — Google review 
 Weird looking place at 1st glimpse, but after you get to know the person behind this small restaurant, you&#x27;ll understand more. Paolo, a tall Italian man who could all of us could easily call grampa or papa. He is the owner the pizzaiolo and the image of the restaurant. His love for his work it can only be described as a trought his work. The quality of the ingredients witch all imported from Italy in combination with paolos years of opening pizzas, results into an amazing meal which my family and I enjoyed till last bite.
Thank you sir for your hospitality and your food.
 Emilian B — Google review 
 One of the best pizzas i have ever had! The dough base is perfect, tomato base good enough to be a secret recipe and topping of the perfect proportions. The tiramisu was a delicious ending to a great meal. Would highly recommend.
 Darryn S — Google review 
 I could not be more happy about MEM! Excellent pizzas, really among the best ones I tried across all Catalunya. They offer many different types/varities of pizzas as well as other Italian dishes (and even b